He also mentioned that sports helps in developing personality, building confidence, and in overall development.
To improve last mile delivery, we are improving governance, by increasing access to digital technology.
The 2nd of October, this year, has a special significance.
I assure that the Government of India stands committed for extending all necessary support for efforts of the state in tackling these diseases.
Fully automated and State of the art Coastal Installation Project will ensure security of the petroleum products for Andhra Pradesh.
He added that for the Union Government, decisions are about national interest and not political gains.
My dear countrymen, Namaskar!
He said there is a strong need for proper mapping at the district level so that we can understand the range of our talent, and plan for infrastructure accordingly.
These seekers freedom must have gone through immense torture.
100 percent neem coating of Urea has also resulted in lowering expenditure on fertilizer, apart from raising productivity.
Thirdly, he sought the role of private participation in the distribution of gas sector.
He described tourism as an ancient concept in India, and a spiritual tradition.
I convey my hearty greetings to all fellow Indians and everyone across the world, especially the Muslim brethren at the advent of this auspicious month of Ramazan.
He said that a teacher remains a teacher throughout life.
Yoga helps to maintain balance amidst this disintegration.
Record growth in last two and a half years
He urged the students to think about innovative solutions to the problems faced by people.
If we do not manage this growth, in terms of both planning and execution, the risk of economic and human losses from disasters will be higher than ever before.
As a veteran Parliamentarian, he enriched parliamentary proceedings.
In keeping with the PM’s vision to give a boost to spirit of Science, Technology and Innovation across the country, it will be the fifth Indian Science Congress to be addressed by the Prime Minister Shri Modi since he assumed office .
Addressing the gathering, the Prime Minister asserted that development is the best answer to all kinds of violence.
He will launch a portal for coordination and monitoring of development works at the district level.
And for that you also have to take tough steps.
“On World Toilet Day we reaffirm our commitment towards improving sanitation facilities across our nation.
17. Proposed to expand basket of vaccines to all the states.
The occasion also marks the Golden Jubilee of the Press Council of India.
The weather has become pleasant in several parts of the country with abundant showers.
People donate generously to the needy during this holy month.
The Prime Minister explained the significance of both the Intellectual Quotient, and the Emotional Quotient, in the life of a student.
We were touched by President Moon’s decision to send the First Lady as his special representative at the ‘Deepotsav’ Festival held in Ayodhya last November.
The efficiency of supply chains is a key factor in any manufacturing enterprise.
I had made an appeal to change brain-drain into brain-gain.
As fellow market economies, our needs and strengths are complementary.
My young friends, you know very well that I regularly do my ‘Mann Ki Baat’.
Peacekeeping operation is not an easy task.
He remarked that he has himself visited the North East more than 25 times in the last 4 years.
It has benefitted lakhs of craftsmen and workers.
Nation is celebrating the Independence Day with the festival of Janamashtmi today .
Later, in 1945, when the Freedom Struggle gained momentum, he prepared an amended copy of those ideas.
In this Town Hall programme, I had the opportunity to talk with crores of students from India and abroad, and also with their parents and teachers; a possibility through the aegis of technology.
As part of an elaborate launch event for this fortnight long movement, the Prime Minister will interact with a cross-section of people from 18 locations across the country, via video conferencing.
We are now in the information age.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that we should think about how research can help our farmers.
All the stake holders related to health sector are working together to transform the sector, PM said.
The Prime Minister said that the Government is working to ensure that adequate Agriculture Credit is available.
This too was an act of valour on part of our soldiers on the path to peace.
The bridge will enhance connectivity and greatly reduce travel time between Assam and Arunachal Pradesh.
He said Varanasi is among the select cities in the country where Piped Cooking Gas is being made available.
The sportspersons had called on the Prime Minister at Parliament House, New Delhi.
Prime Minister appreciated how poor women with their self-confidence and strength fought against all adversities.
He recalled that Indian soldiers had played a key role in the liberation of Haifa during the first world war.
He said there is immense potential for tourism in Varanasi, and all efforts should be made to keep the city clean.
We have also decided to start an annual exchange of bilateral visits by 100 young people from science-related educational streams.
The Bharatmala scheme is aimed at improving road connectivity by constructing national corridors and highways.
It will cater to film students especially those from the North Eastern states.
14. Any other area of cooperation as may be mutually decided upon.
Her game makes all of us very proud.
Reiterating his strong stance against corruption, PM said that his Government is committed to eliminating middlemen and corruption.
The Prime Minister welcomed Russia’s unconditional support to India on the issue of cross border terrorism.
The National War Memorial, near India Gate in New Delhi, is a fitting tribute to our soldiers who laid down their lives defending the nation, post-independence.
