He also mentioned that sports helps in developing personality, building confidence, and in overall development.
To improve last mile delivery, we are improving governance, by increasing access to digital technology.
The 2nd of October, this year, has a special significance.
I assure that the Government of India stands committed for extending all necessary support for efforts of the state in tackling these diseases.
Fully automated and State of the art Coastal Installation Project will ensure security of the petroleum products for Andhra Pradesh.
He added that for the Union Government, decisions are about national interest and not political gains.
My dear countrymen, Namaskar!
He said there is a strong need for proper mapping at the district level so that we can understand the range of our talent, and plan for infrastructure accordingly.
These seekers freedom must have gone through immense torture.
100 percent neem coating of Urea has also resulted in lowering expenditure on fertilizer, apart from raising productivity.
Thirdly, he sought the role of private participation in the distribution of gas sector.
He described tourism as an ancient concept in India, and a spiritual tradition.
I convey my hearty greetings to all fellow Indians and everyone across the world, especially the Muslim brethren at the advent of this auspicious month of Ramazan.
He said that a teacher remains a teacher throughout life.
Yoga helps to maintain balance amidst this disintegration.
Record growth in last two and a half years
He urged the students to think about innovative solutions to the problems faced by people.
If we do not manage this growth, in terms of both planning and execution, the risk of economic and human losses from disasters will be higher than ever before.
As a veteran Parliamentarian, he enriched parliamentary proceedings.
In keeping with the PM’s vision to give a boost to spirit of Science, Technology and Innovation across the country, it will be the fifth Indian Science Congress to be addressed by the Prime Minister Shri Modi since he assumed office .
Addressing the gathering, the Prime Minister asserted that development is the best answer to all kinds of violence.
He will launch a portal for coordination and monitoring of development works at the district level.
And for that you also have to take tough steps.
“On World Toilet Day we reaffirm our commitment towards improving sanitation facilities across our nation.
17. Proposed to expand basket of vaccines to all the states.
The occasion also marks the Golden Jubilee of the Press Council of India.
The weather has become pleasant in several parts of the country with abundant showers.
People donate generously to the needy during this holy month.
The Prime Minister explained the significance of both the Intellectual Quotient, and the Emotional Quotient, in the life of a student.
We were touched by President Moon’s decision to send the First Lady as his special representative at the ‘Deepotsav’ Festival held in Ayodhya last November.
The efficiency of supply chains is a key factor in any manufacturing enterprise.
I had made an appeal to change brain-drain into brain-gain.
As fellow market economies, our needs and strengths are complementary.
My young friends, you know very well that I regularly do my ‘Mann Ki Baat’.
Peacekeeping operation is not an easy task.
He remarked that he has himself visited the North East more than 25 times in the last 4 years.
It has benefitted lakhs of craftsmen and workers.
Nation is celebrating the Independence Day with the festival of Janamashtmi today .
Later, in 1945, when the Freedom Struggle gained momentum, he prepared an amended copy of those ideas.
In this Town Hall programme, I had the opportunity to talk with crores of students from India and abroad, and also with their parents and teachers; a possibility through the aegis of technology.
As part of an elaborate launch event for this fortnight long movement, the Prime Minister will interact with a cross-section of people from 18 locations across the country, via video conferencing.
We are now in the information age.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that we should think about how research can help our farmers.
All the stake holders related to health sector are working together to transform the sector, PM said.
The Prime Minister said that the Government is working to ensure that adequate Agriculture Credit is available.
This too was an act of valour on part of our soldiers on the path to peace.
The bridge will enhance connectivity and greatly reduce travel time between Assam and Arunachal Pradesh.
He said Varanasi is among the select cities in the country where Piped Cooking Gas is being made available.
The sportspersons had called on the Prime Minister at Parliament House, New Delhi.
Prime Minister appreciated how poor women with their self-confidence and strength fought against all adversities.
He recalled that Indian soldiers had played a key role in the liberation of Haifa during the first world war.
He said there is immense potential for tourism in Varanasi, and all efforts should be made to keep the city clean.
We have also decided to start an annual exchange of bilateral visits by 100 young people from science-related educational streams.
The Bharatmala scheme is aimed at improving road connectivity by constructing national corridors and highways.
It will cater to film students especially those from the North Eastern states.
14. Any other area of cooperation as may be mutually decided upon.
Her game makes all of us very proud.
Reiterating his strong stance against corruption, PM said that his Government is committed to eliminating middlemen and corruption.
The Prime Minister welcomed Russia’s unconditional support to India on the issue of cross border terrorism.
The National War Memorial, near India Gate in New Delhi, is a fitting tribute to our soldiers who laid down their lives defending the nation, post-independence.
Talking about Self Help Groups (SHGs), Prime Minister said that Self Help Groups play a very important role in the economic and social advancement of poor, especially for women from rural strata of society.
He will distribute certificates to beneficiaries of various schemes.
The areas of cooperation on Youth matters includes exchanges of youth, representatives of youth organizations, and government officials in-charge of youth policy-making.
We are also committed to ensure, that we do so, in a way that is sustainable and green.
A special Leprosy Case Detection Campaign was carried out in 2016.
In this mutual and global pursuit I thank Prime Minister Abe and Japan for being a perfect partner.
You should participate in this initiative and especially I urge you to make you children witness these campaigns.
SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY
The Prime Minister offered deepest condolences on his behalf and on behalf of the people of India on the loss of precious lives in the recent earthquake and tsunami that hit the Sulawesi region of Indonesia.
He made it clear that the Government will be adding more number of seats in the educational institutions to ensure that the other category students will not be affected.
A framework for cooperation is also necessary to expeditiously act in cases related to consumers from other countries.
For example, if a local fire service visits one school in its area every week, it would sensitize thousands of children over a period of one year.
Under your leadership, Cyprus has successfully overcome its recent financial and banking challenges.
The Government is firmly committed to the path of fiscal consolidation.
That’s why the state government has been provided every help for the development of basic facilities.
Portuguese passion for football runs deep.
The Prime Minister said that the government is committed to ensure timely completion of all the projects.
This is specially essential for the freedom and peace of the exploited, victimised and deprived people and to ensure justice for them.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex post-facto approval to the MoU between India and Singapore on cooperation in the field of urban planning and development.
PM said his Government’s drive against black money was a bold and decisive step.
Witnessing the journey that Atal ji started, we while continuing onwards on that very path with a renewed joy will derive great satisfaction in getting ahead.
Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel took on the reins of weaving a unified India.
The results of these efforts are now evident.
“I bow to Loknayak Jayprakash Narayan on his birth anniversary.
She travelled to various countries and raised her voice against the mischievous propaganda against Sanatan Dharma and ideology.
In our effort to build disaster resilience, we stand shoulder to shoulder with all the nations of the region.
It is our responsibility to further develop the understanding about Yoga for a healthy and happy humanity.
Who is not a fan of Harmanpreet Kaur?
In course of the conversation today the Prime Minister explained India’s policies in the areas of climate change and environmental sustainability.
In such a scenario, Consumer Protection is an important component which enhances and strengthens trade in this region.
125 crore Indians will join the rest of the world, in welcoming it with new hope, new energy and new dreams.
Through these food parks, we aim to link agro-processing clusters with key production centres.
He said that in the current financial year, States are receiving over 11 lakh crore rupees from the Centre, which represents an increase of about 6 lakh crore rupees, from the last year of the previous government.
So, it is indeed an honour for me to welcome such a great friend and strong supporter of India.
In other words, such a system is being set up where in farms in any part of the country will have a market-connect.
He unveiled a plaque to mark the inauguration of Swadesh Darshan Scheme.
My effort is to take the banking system to normalcy as fast as possible in the new year.
Speaking about the progress towards this resolve, the Prime Minister said that more than 11 crore soil health cards have been distributed so far.
In a befitting reply to those who made a mockery of PM’s announcement of Swachta Abhiyan from the Red Fort, he said that today due to extensive sanitation drive, 97% population has access to clean toilets now.
The Joint Statement on Maritime Cooperation outlines the agenda of our engagement in this field.
Narendra Modi during the interaction said that Deendayal Antyodaya Yojana- National Rural Livelihood Mission has been started in all states.
The MoU was concluded in July, 2017
Ayushman Bharat also includes the Pradhan Mantri National Health Protection Mission.
The country is governed by peace, harmony and unity.
Today, the President and I have had detailed discussions.
We are also looking at various strategies for effective waste management.
This will help provide better health and maternity care for the weaker sections of the society.
Initiatives like GST and strict action against corruption has helped people doing honest business.
Trade Unions so recognized would be accountable in maintaining industrial harmony.
Prime Minister congratulated the people of Indore for taking the mission of Swacchh Bharat forward.
The National War Memorial complex includes a central obelisk, an eternal flame, and six bronze murals depicting famous battles fought by Indian Army, Air Force and Navy.
The law and order situation is being closely monitored.
For example, the housing programme in India targets ten million houses in urban areas.
Attempts were even made to reduce the faith that Indians had on them, he added.
He said the Union Government is placing great emphasis on the development of waterways as well.
It seems to become a question of life and death.
The Prime Minister will then travel to Anjar.
As reported by the Swiss Bank Authorities, the black money deposits of Indian Nationals have a hit a record all time low.
I salute all the brave people from the depths of my heart.
PM has directed Insurance Companies to hold special camps for assessment & timely release of compensation to the affected families/beneficiaries under Social Security Schemes.
FDI flows from Japan have almost tripled in last three years.
In Port Blair, he laid a wreath at the Martyrs Column, and visited the Cellular Jail.
Sometimes it also appears that we are not able to perceive examinations in a proper perspective.
India and Japan are ancient civilizations and vibrant democracies.
And therefore this burden of hankering for marks hinders us sometimes from going in the right direction.
I strongly condemn the violence and urge everyone to maintain peace.
In the next few weeks various education boards across the country will initiate the process for the board examinations of the tenth and twelfth standards.
He said that the last two decades have seen several positive changes in Gujarat’s development journey.
It provides a framework and enabling environment to understand each other’s strengths, market, technologies, policies, etc.
The MoU was signed in May 2017 during the visit of the Palestinian Minister of Foreign Affairs to India.
January, February, March, April – all these are for every family, months of most severe test!
He recalled that the Union Government had earlier rolled out the Jan Dhan Yojana to establish financial inclusion.
New India is not possible without a New Tamil Nadu.
We need to support such initiative and leadership through policies and practices.
Our bilateral trade is more than $10 billion.
Indian women have played a leading role in peace keeping efforts.
I wish to thank the Chief Minister, Siddharamaih ji, and his entire government for his assistance and efforts in organizing this event and making it a big success.
It is playing a very important role for gramodaya.
He said that for India, this is not just an industrial transformation, but a social transformation.
He said the nation will never forget the sacrifices of the freedom fighters.
The beneficiary who takes a loan under the scheme would be provided interest subsidy for loan amount upto Rs. 2 Lakhs.
His biggest contribution in the Freedom struggle was that he made it an expansive “Jan-Aandolan” (People’s Movement).
The Government of India has also provided support to the activities of the foundation.
The MOU will help the Academy to disseminate some of its experience in running a training institution for higher civil services in the country to NIPAM.
His was a life devoted to alleviating suffering and removing injustice from society.
The entire nation stands with the people of Northeast during this time.
Increase in maternity leave is a welcome provision.
Thus, it becomes clear that our younger generations still care for the brave heroes of our ancient past, its heritage and history.
We are the world’s second largest exporter of shrimps.
The Prime Minister also noted that Bhuj would get a modern bus port, like other cities in Gujarat.
President Temer’s visit provides an important occasion to work on a roadmap to achieve this.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Agreement between India and Myanmar on Land Border Crossing.
Its involvement in our mega projects like Dedicated Freight Corridors, Delhi Mumbai Industrial Corridor, Metro Rail and High Speed Rail signifies scale and speed.
A large number of private companies have been connected to the portal.
Budget under MNREGA is also utilized for this water conservation activity.
Shri Gobind Singh Ji believed that the biggest service is to alleviate human suffering.
The Prime Minister said that cleanliness, or Swachhta, is one of the most important aspects of preventive healthcare.
Institutions also extended their contribution enthusiastically.
UAE is one of our most valued partners and a close friend in an important region of the world.
From the activities launched today, you can see the depth of relationship between the two countries.
In just 100 days since its inception over 7 lakh poor patients have been benefited.
He thanked Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu for the warm welcome and respect accorded to him throughout his visit.
He said that the biggest challenge for the medal winners will start now and they should never lose their goal of being in the Olympic Games podium.
Resolution of Public Grievances has also been reviewed in 17 sectors.
You will be delighted to know that this best policy making award is equivalent to an Oscar in the sector.
The founding conference of the Alliance was held in New Delhi earlier this year.
It is anchored in the belief that our people are pivotal partners in our effort to craft responsive, collective and inclusive solutions.
He added that the innovative spirit of our ancestors must be kept alive.
He underlined the importance of a clean and vibrant River Ganga.
He said the Kashi Vishwanath Temple has survived the vicissitudes of centuries.
As there are no middlemen, the goods are available at very reasonable rates.
This traditional calendar depicts our bonding with natural and astronomical events.
The projects reviewed today, include the Delhi Mumbai Industrial Corridor, and construction of four new AIIMS at Manglagiri in Andhra Pradesh, Kalyani in West Bengal, Nagpur in Maharashtra, and Gorakhpur in Uttar Pradesh.
The Prime Minister specially mentioned the State of Meghalaya, which received an award for its achievements in agriculture, in the period under review.
But for me, this is the first time at Def-Expo.
“Successful test firing of Agni V makes every Indian very proud.
The staff of the UN and diplomats from across the world participated.
This will provide a benefit cover of over 7000 dollars annually to more than 100 million poor and vulnerable families.
In this context, he mentioned the various development oriented initiatives of the Government like Ayushman Bharat, Swachh Bharat Abhiyan and Pradhan Mantri Awaaz Yojana.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Prime Minister Antonio Costa today jointly visited the Champalimaud Foundation in Lisbon.
This will be the third official visit of the Prime Minister to Kollam.
I can see a number of Bal Kanahiyas here.
He said the Government aims to double income of farmers by 2022.
“On the special occasion of their Statehood Day, greetings to the people of Meghalaya.
After the review, the Prime Minister announced a financial assistance of Rs 500 crore to the State.
Have asked Defence Ministry to further step up the rescue and relief operations across the state.
Expressing support for this, many people have written to me, sent me letters, shared ‘fitness mantra- Fit India’ stories on social media.
All of these offer unprecedented opportunities for Japanese industry.
This is a day to reaffirm our commitment towards further strengthening our democracy by unfailingly participating in democratic processes at the local, state and national levels.
There is an incredible spirit, vibrations and magnetic power in this holy land.
Best wishes and blessings to Hanaya.
The main objective of this mission is to promote reading as a means to grow and prosper.
10 days ago, Mother India had to bear the loss of many of her valiant sons.
vi) Training in administration and management of health services and Hospitals;
Recently 30 nano satellites were launched.”
In this context, he mentioned initiatives taken by the Government such as Jan Dhan Yojana, Ujjwala Yojana, Swachh Bharat Mission, insurance schemes, Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana, and the recently launched Saubhagya Yojana.
During the interaction, Prime Minister urged the awardees to mobilize the community and to make them an integral part of school development.
His pioneering and relentless emphasis on social reform greatly helped the marginalised.
They have showed that if once the targets are set, spirits are high and with a strong resolve, the set targets can most certainly be attained.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has wished the citizens on National Voters’ Day.
Prime Minister will then proceed to Odisha.
The external sector remains robust.
Will also address a public meeting.
This will be the fourth Annual Summit between Prime Minister Modi and Prime Minister Abe.
It brings about a harmony in the society by making the family sensitive towards society.
Indian can proudly claim that in the armed forces,our Army not only man-power but woman-power too is contributing equally.
PM in Assam
In fact, 1.25 billion people of India have the same affection for the Japanese people.
My thoughts are with his entire family, friends and supporters in this hour of grief and sadness.
Inclusion of ‘Mishmi-Kaman’ (Miju Mishmi), Idu (Mishmi) and Taraon (Digaru Mishmi) in serial No. 8.
The Prime Minister said that as many as three lakh companies have come under the scanner, in the course of inspecting the data mined after demonetization.
India and Russia pledged to cooperate with each other to achieve these goals.
A heritage that connects our societies across generations and through centuries.
He said the Union Government has approved 100 percent FDI in healthcare systems.
Recently, a scheme has also been launched to provide electricity connection to every household of the country.
The govt. is also working towards the goal that every citizen of the country owns a house by 2022.
They agreed to continue efforts to develop cleaner energy systems, renewable energy and fuels, increased energy efficiency and technologies for cleaner energy production.
You may be aware that when we had successfully created a place for the Mars Mission in orbit, this entire mission was planned for a duration of 6 months.
These projects include the Western Dedicated Freight Corridor, and the Char Dham Mahamarg Vikas Pariyojna.
Referring to the ongoing Poshan Maah (nutrition month), the Prime Minister said that the momentum that has been built up during this campaign should not flag.
That is why a large number of letters on agriculture have been received.
The coming together of so many nations to mark the International Day of Yoga illustrates the real essence of Yoga – togetherness.
My dear countrymen, connecting with all of you, courtesy the ‘Mann KiBaat’ program has been a really wonderful experience for me.
This is a new avenue opened by the government for you people.
He reiterated the Union Government’s commitment to provide universal coverage of seven key schemes to 45,000 additional villages in 115 Aspirational Districts, by August 15th, 2018.
He said that today’s launch of IPPB is one more step to achieve this objective.
Our constant efforts have improved India’s ranking in Ease of Doing Business.
This 2 minutes silence is an expression of our collective resolve and reverence for the martyrs.
It is a time for praying to Ma Durga.
He said that India is making a mark in the start-up sector due to the talent of its youth.
The Prime Minister said that Chief Ministers of States had played a key role in policy formulation, through sub-groups and committees on issues such as Swachh Bharat Mission, Digital Transactions, and Skill Development.
The Prime Minister thanked Japan for the technical and financial help given to India, for this project.
This year in July, we have implemented the highly complex task of migrating to a uniform Goods and Services Tax for the whole country.
The same goes for improvements in cyclone early warning.
We will work towards a qualitatively higher level of military-to-military cooperation.
He said that it is essential, as a society, to stay connected to our history.
Several Union Ministers and other dignitaries were present on the occasion.
He said that more than 65 AYUSH hospitals have been developed in the last three years.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will attend the inauguration of the birth centenary celebration of Nanaji Deshmukh at IARI at Pusa in New Delhi tomorrow (11th October, 2017).
Their contributions are deeply valued both in India and in UAE.
He said the Government’s focus is on increasing productivity through high speed connectivity.
Late in the evening, the Prime Minister drove through the streets of Varanasi, evaluating the development of the city.
But someone has to take such tough decisions for the sake of the country.
These projects are spread over several states including Haryana, Rajasthan, Gujarat, Maharashtra, Uttar Pradesh, Odisha, Bihar, Jharkhand, West Bengal, Telangana, Tamil Nadu and Andhra Pradesh.
Obviously, a lot of effort will converge to make this a popular activity.
Shri Narendra Modi also called for a mission mode approach to the 100 most backward districts in India.
We are clearing loans up to Rs one crore in 59 minutes”.
It will also enable assistance in collection of tax revenue claims between both countries.
The Facility has the largest underground storage compartment in the country.
Today, I’m saying it with pride that it was collective efforts that made the ‘Swachch Bharat Mission’ a successful campaign.
Yoga is a code to connect people with life, and to reconnect mankind with nature.
In the fourth quarter of 2017, we grew at 7.7 per cent.
He also said that our Armed Forces conduct an average of ten big joint exercises with Armed Forces of friendly countries, every year.
All of us pay tributes to the martyrs who sacrificed their lives for the motherland, by observing silence for 2 minutes at 11 am on 30th January.
He also inaugurated the Super Specialty Block of KIMS in Hubali, the Income Tax Appellate Tribunal building in Bangalore and the Women’s Hostel for Students from North Eastern Region at Bangalore University, through the press of button.
I thanked all the parties on that day.
Nordic solutions in clean technologies, maritime solutions, port modernisation, food processing, health, life-sciences and agriculture were mentioned.
These measures too have increased the efficiency of energy use.
An enabling alternate dispute resolution ecosystem is a national priority for India.
The two leaders agreed to push forward bilateral trade and investment in a balanced and sustainable manner by taking advantage of complementarities between their two economies.
The capability, commitment & controlling situation through rapid decisions of the NDRF have made them a cynosure of every Indian’s eye, worthy of respect & admiration.
Sports are considered a waste of time in our society.
Praising the Bohra community, PM Modi said that it is his good fortune to have received the affection of Bohra community.
This is the identity of your Dynamic Course and the Credibility of Examinations.
Such measures have propelled our economy into a high growth path.
My dear countrymen, Navratras are going on.
Captain Mithali Raj has been leading from the front.
He said the aim remains to double farmers’ incomes, and make the farmers’ lives easier.
In this very Kranti Mandir, a visual arts museum has been established.
Dr. Abdullah conveyed Afghanistan’s deep appreciation for India’s continuing support for infrastructure development and capacity building in Afghanistan.
It will facilitate effective institutional interaction between India and Thailand.
From cause-lists to case-laws, the lawyer’s library is now just a click away on your mobile phone.
Grand parents, parents and children should together perform Yoga and also upload their photos.
Reading can help broaden one’s thinking.
We are fourth largest in Wind Energyand fifth largest producer of Solar Energy.
Both sides aim to establish the basis for a cooperative institutional relationship to encourage and promote technical bilateral cooperation on new and renewable issues on the basis of mutual benefit equality and reciprocity.
The wave of love and faith that spread across the nation is an indicator of his great personality.
Terming it as a historic day, the Prime Minister dedicated PM-SYM Yojana to the forty two crore strong unorganized sector workers in the country.
23. The Sides appreciated the efforts to further cement and institutionalize cooperation between Indian States and Russian Regions.
Setting up of the JWG on Counter Terrorism by India and Morocco would help cases relating to terrorist attacks.
He said that these mindsets are now being changed.
To this end, they decided to strengthen the Closer Development Partnership in a mutually beneficial and sustainable manner, in pursuit of national modernization and greater prosperity for their peoples.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said he feels a special energy in the environment from this mass chanting.
He had laid the foundation stone of this Institute in April 2015.
The Prime Minister also reviewed the progress of the Smart Cities Mission.
Be it the relief and rescue work or disaster management, our country is indebted to our Air Force for the commendable efforts of our Air Warrior.
The Prime Minister mentioned the plans to expand the healthcare infrastructure, road network, and oil and gas pipeline infrastructure in the State.
PM will lay foundation stone of Sulwade Jamphal Kanoli Lift Irrigation Scheme.
In a few hours, we will be ushering in the new year of 2017.
Anyway, young friends, you are engrossed in preparing for your exams and here I am, engaging you in matters close to my heart.
The two leaders appreciated the major milestones achieved in the Special and Privileged Strategic Partnership between the two countries in the past year.
The Ceylon Estate Workers Education Trust (CEWET) was set up way back in 1947 in order to encourage promising students to continue their studies.
The Prime Minister said that every rupee, and every resource from the Government of India is devoted for the welfare of Indians.
Just on seeing these pictures, your disappointment will transform into hope.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the passing away of Kalaignar Karunanidhi.
The Prime Minister said that this high speed railway would not only bring two cities closer, but also bring the people living hundreds of kilometers away, closer to each other.
The Prime Minister said that the recently announced Ayushman Bharat scheme is going to transform the health sector.
The Treaty would provide a legal framework for seeking extradition of terrorists, economic offenders and other criminals from and to Lithuania.
Welcoming the members of the delegation, the Prime Minister said that democracy’s greatest strength is harmony and amity (मेल मिलाप).
Now, the continent finds itself at the centre of global economic activity.
There are many such aspects which emerged out of these discussions which are definitely going to be beneficial for the students.
India is now ripe, for a sweet revolution.
The holy month of Ramzan is observed all across, in prayer with piety.
On 1 June, I will call on Singapore President Halimah Yacob.
The Prime Minister has emphasized the importance of innovation and technology for the progress and development of the nation.
Schoolchildren from various Atal Tinkering Labs shared their innovations with the Prime Minister.
PM interacted with the college students from different parts if the country on this occasion.
If you have pursuit of knowledge as your focal point, then by itself you try to acquire and attain a lot more.
My dear brothers & sisters, we celebrated ‘Infantry Day’ yesterday.
63. We will build together such an India, which will be clean, healthy and fulfil the dream of self-rule (Swaraj).
I assure you of all possible support from the Government.
Badminton star Kidambi Srikanth has filled every Indian’s heart with pride by clinching the Denmark Open title with his excellent performance.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi has approved Signing of Agreement between the India and Ukrain for cooperation in Agriculture and Food Industry.
We live in an era where diamonds are used in spectacles, watches and pens.
There are more than 8 lakh doctors.
We are all aware that a few days ago, ISRO has successfully launched the GSAT-19.
Till August this year, 290 million such accounts have been opened in Indian banks.
The foundation stone of roads under central road fund (CRF) will be laid through the press of button.
Health and Wellness Centers is one of the vital components of Ayushman Bharat in ensuring Universal Health Coverage.
Life moves ahead depending upon the condition that whatever the sense of mission you have achieved and whatever is the sense of ambition that you nurture, whether there is any ongoing co-ordination between your sense of mission and your sense of ambition!
This Agreement shall enter into force on the first day of the second month after the Contracting Parties notify each other in through diplomatic channels, that the necessary national legal requirements for entry into force of this Agreement have been fulfilled.
This will enhance mutual trust and trade.
But we have reduced our democracy to mere ballot boxes.
It is due to greats like her that India won freedom.
Such Mock Parliaments will further the spirit of discussion among our youth, he added.
I pray for the quick recovery of those injured.
Under Pradhan Mantri Awaas Yojana, remarkable progress has been achieved in rural areas.
Protocol for Consultations between the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and MEA for the period 2019-2023
As part of this network, different universities could specialize in multi-disciplinary research on disaster issues most relevant to them.
Chhath festival is associated with the worship of the sun, rivers and ponds.
“Tributes to Mahatma Phule on his Jayanti.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi will attend the Annual Conference of DGPs and IGPs on 7th and 8th January at the BSF Academy at Tekanpur, Madhya Pradesh.
Bhagini Nivedita ji also helped the great scientist Jagdish Chandra Basu.
India has achieved a rating upgrade after a long wait.
All leading agencies such as IMF, World Bank, and ADB are estimating India to grow at 7 to 8 percent in the near future.
This has already shown good results.
He said it is our collective responsibility to save Mother Earth.
We are proud to have taken numerous decisions that have furthered women empowerment.
Our past has always been harmoniously inter-woven.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi, has approved Measures to promote Hydro Power Sector.
Our trade and investment relations are becoming more and more intense.
They spoke of their respective efforts to contribute to the regional and global economic development.
Heartiest congratulations, Beti Shivangi.
I have said earlier also that the combination of your hardware and our software is a fantastic combination.
In the run-up to International Yoga Day, the Prime Minister has also taken to social media to share the intricacies of various Yoga Asanas.
The Prime Minister noted that the freedom struggle became a mass movement due to the visionary efforts of Mahatma Gandhi.
All of these point to the new direction of economic reforms that India is pursuing.
Establishment of a security dialogue in order to develop a comprehensive action plan on security cooperation.
Procedures for obtaining clearances from various agencies have been simplified.
First of all, I congratulate all of you for this Regional Conference on an important subject like Consumer Protection.
He said specific goals should be set on various parameters in definite short timeframes for these districts.
This provides a mechanism to capture the increased land value.
He appreciated the people of the Nicobar Islands for their spirit and hard work in rebuilding the islands after the tsunami.
• Cow is revered as the mother in our country.
The Prime Minister spoke of Mahatma Gandhi’s commitment to Swachhta.
The Prime Minister quoted the writer Ramvriksha Benipuri, and the poet Sohanlal Dwivedi to describe the mood that prevailed at that time.
Therefore, good health is a collective effort of personal well-being and environmental well-being.
I am happy that this resolution has been fulfilled today.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that through the India Post Payments Bank, banking services will conveniently reach the remotest places in the country, and the people living there.
The Tenth Guru of Sikhs- Guru Gobind Singh has been a source of inspiration for many through his teachings and ideals.
He quoted Chanakya to say that hard work can overcome all obstacles and help us accomplish even the most difficult of objectives.
From Itanagar, PM will return to Guwahati .
The Prime Minister spoke of his visit to the Tsunami memorial – Wall of Lost Souls – just before arriving for this function.
In the digital infrastructure sector, 2187 mobile towers have been installed in districts affected by Left Wing Extremists, in 2016-17.
He said that only those who respect women, can take legitimate pride in the opening words of Swami Vivekananda’s address – “Brothers and sisters of America.”
But I was also inspired by their courage, ingenuity and resolve to recover from the disaster.
He will release a document highlighting the achievements of the Government.
Somnath has more than 2 million followers on social media.
It used to be played in almost every state.
The Prime Minister urged the sportspersons to remember, and keep in touch with the various Gurus, mentors and teachers, who have guided them right from childhood.
This is my first visit to Indonesia as Prime Minister.
I would like to assure that the steps taken by the Government would help India move into a new league in the years to come.
In hockey, India has won the Asia Cup hockey title through its dazzling performance.
The Prime Minister said that India has no shortage of capabilities, capacities and resources.
The time has now come that all political leaders and parties respect the feelings of the nation’s honest citizens, and understand the anger of the people.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has welcomed and conveyed best wishes to all teams taking part in the FIFA U-17 World Cup.
An unprecedented number of countries from across the world, joined hands with us.
There are also some limits placed on the withdrawals from ATMs and bank for the very short run.
Germany ranks 7th among foreign investor countries in India.
He also asked senior officials in the Union Government to review the progress on a weekly basis.
Shri Modi stated that on humanitarian grounds notes of five hundred and one thousand rupees will be accepted at government hospitals, pharmacies in government hospitals (with prescription of a doctor), booking counters for railway tickets, government buses, airline ticket counters, petrol, diesel and gas stations of PSU oil companies, consumer cooperative stores authorized by the state or central government, milk booths authorized by state government and crematoria, burial grounds.
We celebrate Air Force Day on the 8th of October.
He emphasized the importance of positive news for a vibrant and prosperous nation.
He said India is today the fastest growing major economy.
The Prime Minister said that Gurudev Rabindranath Tagore always wanted Indian students to keep abreast of developments across the world, even as they kept their Indianness intact.
The Earth is our mother and we all are her children.
This includes photography and geo-tagging.
The agreement that was exchanged just now has institutionalized this understanding.
We are keen to scale up investments in next generation infrastructureincluding roads, ports, railways, airports, telecom, digital networks and energy.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today informally met all Secretaries – the topmost officers of Ministries of the Government of India.
He popularized India’s music traditions globally.
You have soaked our culture and made it your own.
They will not be spared.
The arbitration proceedings will now become faster as the Arbitration law has been amended.
The Sides resolved to continue mutual support and synergies at various platforms including BRICS and ITU.
The quest for solace from the stresses of modern life, often drives people to tobacco, alcohol, or even drugs.
I am also keen to interact with the Indian Community in Portugal during the visit”, the Prime Minister said.
India and Portugal are strong partners in the international arena.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today attended the centenary year celebrations of Sabarmati Ashram in Gujarat.
While the global economy is going through a period of uncertainty, India has shown tremendous resilience.
The per capita plastic consumption in India is much lower than in many parts of the developed world.
The Prime Minister directed efficient and stringent monitoring of rural roads construction and their quality.
Our brave soldiers have laid down their lives.
Today our monetary policy, Start Up India, Stand Up India initiative have become seedbed for our young innovators and young entrepreneurs.
The Prime Minister said, ” Congratulations to M Venkaiah Naidu Garu on being elected India’s Vice President.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has saluted Babu Jagjivan Ram on his birth anniversary.
This in itself is a great example of the changing ecosystem.
I hope that this will help us in moving forward.
Our tree and forest cover has also increased by one percent in the last two years.
It is indeed sad that we kept on calling the events of 1857 only as a rebellion or a soldiers’ mutiny for a very long time.
26th January, our Republic Day was celebrated with joy and enthusiasm in every nook and corner of the nation by all of us.
The dream of “Ek Bharat – Shreshtha Bharat” is inherent in this.
He told the medal winners that their sporting feats have raised India’s stature and pride.
I experienced his excellent hospitality during the BRICS Summit in South Africa last year.
He said that initiatives like Pradhan Mantri Surakshit Matritva Abhiyaan and Mission Indradhanush played a vital role in the decline in the mortality rate.
“A warm welcome and best wishes to all teams taking part in the FIFA U-17 World Cup.
These are also our values.
We are setting up commercial courts and commercial divisions to ensure speedy disposal of commercial matters.
If a family itself continues to demoralise a child in the family and if that family expects that the kid will be respected in the locality then it is not possible.
Today, India is on the path of several major transformations.
It was in the month of June 2015 that I had the opportunity of welcoming you in India.
He thanked all the people who had property around the temple, and have allowed its acquisition for the project.
Sometimes there is a story of an innovation to bring about cleanliness or winds of change that get ushered due to an official’s zeal.
He said the areas of the country that are near the sea, can become centres of our blue revolution.
Independent India has also sent one of the largest numbers of UN Peace-Keepers to places all over the world.
He appreciated the officers who have been instrumental in facilitating this change.
The Prime Minister also met representatives of the Ceylon Workers Congress, and the Tamil Progressive Alliance.
India has a robust strategic partnership with all the three countries.
Cars made in India by a Japanese car maker are already selling in Japan.
In 2018, we are projected to grow at 7.4 per cent.
This was a war in which India was not directly involved yet our soldiers fought world over, just for the cause of peace.
Recently, the Government of India has standardized the specifications for rolling stock and signalling systems of metro rail.
Our conversation covered the full range of bilateral relationship.
The 1.25 billion people of India are keen to welcome the ASEAN Leaders as our Chief Guests at India’s 69th Republic Day Celebrations.
PM will inaugurate the newly constructed Madan Mohan Malviya Cancer Centre of Banaras Hindu University.
The hospital will bring comprehensive yet affordable cancer care to patients in UP, Jharkhand, Bihar, Uttarakhand and, even, neighbouring countries like Nepal.
Fifty cities in India are ready to implement metro rail projects.
Excellency, we commend your vision and leadership for taking your country out of this crisis and on to the path of economic prosperity.
E-commerce and trans-border mobility of people is resulting in increased cross border transactions.
The Prime Minister said that when India was not independent, its knowledge, and its traditions such as Yoga and Ayurveda were belittled.
Bilateral cooperation in the field of food processing between India and Japan will be mutually beneficial to the food processing sector in both countries.
Congratulations to our junior hockey team for winning the Junior Hockey World Cup.
Thank you, Nandri.
The proposed Bill will ensure that the nomination of workers’ representatives in tripartite bodies by the government will become more transparent.
The sugarcane farmers are happy that ethanol production has tripled.
The Prime Minister said that he wishes to caution the country that certain forces are trying to put undue pressure on the judiciary.
Referring to the arrival of the first inland container vessel in Varanasi, the Prime Minister said that Eastern Uttar Pradesh is now connected with the Bay of Bengal, through the water route.
In the last two years – 2014-2016, we facilitated the repatriation of over ninety thousand Indian nationals from nearly 54 countries.
Savarkaralong with his band of brave hearts celebrated the 50thanniversary of the First War of Independence with great fanfare at India house in London.
These initiatives have resulted in 42-place jump in the Ease of Doing Business rankings in the last four years, he added.
Our solidarity with the bereaved families.
And finally, bring about greater cohesion in international response to disasters.
Stable, predictable and transparent regulations are redefining the nature of doing business in India.
ii) Drug Regulation and Pharmaceutical quality control;
Saddened by his demise.
This is the seventh interaction in the series by the Prime Minister through video conference with various beneficiaries of Government schemes.
The presentation on “Energy and Environment” included suggestions related to various energy sources, and energy efficiency.
The choices that we make today, will define our collective future.
In 2015, the Indian economy grew faster than other major economies.
But it is not just on the battle-fields, but also on the factory floors of defence manufacturing enterprises, that strategic decisions are made.
Now they shall be empowered with smartphones and digital devices to provide financial services.
In the last two years,we have moved towards a low tax regimeon the corporate side.
In a way, this is endowed with the might to transform the entire season-cycle of the country.
Our thoughts and prayers are with the victims and their families.
The two leaders also shared views on their respective foreign policy visions of achieving global prosperity and security.
In this context he spoke of India’s digital infrastructure, and its interfaces including Aadhaar, UPI, e-NAM, and GeM.
Outcome of the Budget Session
We salute the courage & invaluable service of the Indian Army.
Her father is a labourer and mother a fish-seller.
In the beginning of this year, she was honoured with a Padma Shri.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today laid the foundation stone of various projects of the Government of India and Government of Jharkhand, at an event in Sindri.
After a year of hard work, one has the opportunity to display one’s capabilities, so this should be a festival of joy and enthusiasm.
Three years ago you vested the responsibility of ‘Pradhan Sewak’- the Chief Servant of the People upon me.
As the world’s most populous Muslim nation Indonesia stands for democracy, diversity, pluralism, and social harmony.
We have taken note of the priority that President Temer attaches to reviving the domestic economic agenda in Brazil.
This payment was ensured through sugar mills to farmers.
He appreciated the participation of cities in the challenge route.
He will address a diverse gathering, consisting of farmers, scientists, entrepreneurs, students, government officials, and legislators.
India has emerged as a bright spot in the global economy which is driving global growth as well.
With an event of such scale & magnitude, which saw the participation of thousands of sportspersons from myriad corners of the world, can you imagine the mood that must have pervaded the atmosphere there?
We will also interact with the BRICS Business Council represented by captains of industry from all five countries.
If we talk about the three years of this government, then more than 22,000 megawatt renewable energy capacity has been connected to the grid power.
We are already the fifth largest producer of solar energy in the world.
And it is the duty of all countrymen to keep our historical heritage safe and clean.
Prime Minister said that various schemes of the Government, like Swachh Bharat has boosted tourism in the country.
Exams in themselves, should be a joyous occasion.
Our bilateral defense cooperation is built on strong mutual trust.
Both these places attract a large number of pilgrims every year.
26 islands have been listed for holistic development.
It should try to achieve the real goal of bringing social and economic change.
The recommendations of these sub-groups have been incorporated by various Ministries of the Union Government, he added.
The world looks to India, and to Yoga, for a durable, and sustainable answer to these problems.
A memorandum was received from the Chief Minister of Mizoram, who could not make it to the meeting in person.
Insurance coverage upto 5 lakh rupees per family, per year for secondary and tertiary care hospitalization will be provided under this mission.
They are aimed at transforming the country and making a New India.
The Prime Minister explained in detail about the benefits of PM-SYM.
Space technology will touch the lives of our people in the region.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed the nation from the ramparts of the Red Fort on the 71st Independence Day.
He added that their efforts have ensured that Indian Passport is respected everywhere.
While appreciating the cultural significance of Jallikattu, the Prime Minister observed that the matter is presently sub-judice.
Accumulation of any form of waste or filth within the four walls of these places is considered impure.
I welcome Brazilian companies to come and invest in India and to forge long term commercial partnerships.
Even in our ancient scriptures, this importance of personal hygiene is captured.
All this will affect energy demand.
He said Lok Adalats can play a key role in reducing pendency of cases in the judiciary.
If possible, we can make the elder family members accompany these children to the playground and play with them.
“Today, Jan Dhan Yojana completes 3 years.
In Singapore I will be focusing on enhancing India-Singapore partnership in areas of Fintech, skill development, urban planning and artificial intelligence.
All our sportspersons gave their best and played very well.
But it is not a test of your life.
The Sides noted with satisfaction the longstanding cooperation of Indian and Russian scientists in the Antarctic.
· The Centre will dispatch immediate financial assistance worth Rs. 325 crore to cater to the requirements of Kerala, Tamil Nadu and Lakshadweep.
Our defence scientists too, have made India proud.
Otherwise, the rate at which the Inflation was rising during previous government’s tenure it would have resulted in huge rise in the budget of the common citizen’s kitchen.
The Swachh Bharat Abhiyan is an initiative in this direction.
He said that the happiness of the beneficiaries who featured in the presentation today, was evident to everyone present at the gathering.
We aim to make a big leap in the ocean economy through the blue revolution.
The Act East policy of my government puts this region at the centre of our engagement.
So we will together build such an India where the poor will have Pucca House with electricity and water.
We remember with great pride all the sacrifices made by our Army.
He expressed hope that the government will reach the target of 100% rural road connectivity soon.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the loss of lives due to bus accident in Mandya, Karnataka.
He is likely to unveil a plaque to mark the launch of some visitor facilities.
Regional multi-lateralism through institutions such as AIIB can play a central role in helping to raise resources.
City Gas Distribution ensures the supply of cleaner fuel (PNG) to households, industrial & commercial units.
Today, we remember and salute that spirit.
He then witnessed an audio-visual presentation of experience sharing by select beneficiaries of schemes of the Government of India and Government of Rajasthan.
They sent 104 satellites into space, through a single rocket launch.
In this context, the Prime Minister mentioned the International Solar Alliance, and the joint effort of India and France to this cause.
Society and the family need to pay attention towards this crisis.
He also addressed a public meeting at Luwangsangbam.
India’s economic interests shall be better served by a higher number of arbitration experts and lawyers.
But, it is a greater honour to have the opportunity to speak with you.
A boost to the rural economy through this revolution will make the Indian economy even more robust.
Addressing a public meeting, he described water as a holy offering from nature.
“I bow to Guru Ravidas Ji on the special occasion of Guru Ravidas Jayanti.
Today, our fishermen take small boats to the sea.
They need to be assured that the rules of the game will not change overnight, in an arbitrary fashion.
Speaking on the occasion, at a large public meeting in Ahmedabad, the Prime Minister spoke of the high ambition and willpower of “New India.”
“सबका साथ सबका विकास” can be the guiding light for action and cooperation in South Asia.
He later addressed a large gathering at the function to dedicate Kochi Metro to the nation.
In fact during the last three years it has become the third largest source of Foreign Direct Investments.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister congratulated all those who have been conferred the prestigious Gandhi Peace Prize.
Hence, it is the endeavour of the government to ensure affordable healthcare to every citizen.
The Government has taken a number of steps to boost investment.
He inaugurated the Wall of Unity.
We are also making collaborative efforts to mainstream solar energy in the form of an International Solar Alliance.
The situation is being monitored closely.
PM will release a synopsis of the Green Rameswaram Project.
Who does not know about the Bangladesh Freedom Struggle of 1971?
This is in line with our mutual desire for a reinforced strategic partnership.
In our path of sustained high growth, and all around development, India counts Israel among its important partners, the Prime Minister said.
He said this Conference is helping top police officers get a more holistic view of problems and challenges.
Our efforts are showing results in terms of economic growth and development.
Talking about the honesty shown by the Bohra Community in business, Prime Minister said that the government encourages honest businessmen and workers through GST, Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code.
He had the courage to show a mirror to the British about their wrong doings.
India will fully support their efforts in this direction.
I am happy to see such a large participation of Energy Ministers from producing and consuming nations, Heads of International Organisations and CEOs in this forum.
•India will emerge as a global leader in transportation sector through cutting edge technology and skilled manpower.
I extend my best wishes to all countrymen for these festivals.
This Act will play an effective role in curbing crimes against women and girls.
He emphasized that we, the people, must also work as per the expectations that our guardian – the Constitution – has from us.
We have given full freedom to the security forces.
Six labour laws and three environmental laws have been changed so that young entrepreneurs need to provide only self-certification.
I pray for a speedy recovery of all those injured due to the train accident.
Talking of technology, he appealed for assistance in areas where high pressure and high temperature technology applications are relevant to commercial exploitation of natural gas.
The Sides emphasized the importance of the continuation of the multilateral dialogue on this theme within the framework of the East Asia Summits and other regional fora.
Our most beloved leader, ShriAtalBihari Vajpayee, the former Prime Minister of our country, had clearly said that human rights are not analien concept for us.
The patience, discipline, and resolve displayed by 125 crore Indians, will play a critical role in shaping the future of the nation for years to come.
It was during his tenure that the timing of presenting the budget was changed.
Make headway with this Mantra.
A holistic campaign has been launched to urge and invite people to send letters and messages to the Armed Forces.
He emphasized that the government is committed to the wellbeing of the elderly population.
He said Adi Shankara had united India, through the Vedas and Upanishads.
57 Teams of NDRF involving about 1300 personnel and 435 Boats are deployed for search and rescue operations.
Here, on this occasion, I specially want to inform colleagues from other countries about Give-it-up campaign.
These are just a few examples.
They have taken this campaign in a religious manner.
Our parents, even today, insist on focusing on studies and academics.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has greeted the people of Jharkhand on their Statehood Day.
And last year was also the silver jubilee year of our diplomatic relations.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today attended an event to mark the Centenary Celebrations of Karnatak Lingayat Education Society, at Belagavi.
Further, as per the new law, any application challenging the award is to be disposed off by the Court within one year.
From the point of larger scale of operations and higher value addition, an investor is also attracted by a large domestic market size, availability of skilled labour and good physical infrastructure.
They agreed to significantly enhance efforts to build on the convergences through the established mechanisms in order to create the broadest possible platform for the future relationship.
36 white industries have been taken out from the requirement of environmental clearance.
Exactly 100 years ago, in 1917, Mahatma Gandhi initiated a Satyagraha in Champaran.
It depicts the way historically the people of India and ASEAN have been bound together.
The Prime Minister said that the effort is to undertake development work while preserving the environment and local culture.
The Prime Minister said that the postman has long been a respected and accepted person in the villages.
Prime Minister will also visit the exhibition set up on the occasion atRajpath lawns.
During the Freedom Struggle people from all sections and all regions dedicated themselves at Mahatma Gandhi’s call.
After Indonesia Open and Australia Open, this win has completed the triad of the super series premiere title.
He spoke of the benefit that schemes such as Jan Dhan Yojana, Mudra Yojana, Ujjwala Yojana, Fasal Bima Yojana and Saubhagya have brought about in the State.
In response to a question on climate change, the Prime Minister reiterated India’s timeless values of nurturing and protecting nature.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister described the programme as an illustration of Indian traditions.
The Prime Minister said that spiritual institutions in India, have been centres for the spread of social reform.
He said this move, which will transform tourism is a continuing effort.
What you say is right.
The delegation interacted with the Prime Minister on subjects such as women entrepreneurship, and women empowerment.
Friends, Yoga has shown the path of wellness to the world from the path of illness.
He will address the gathering.
These and other changes have been noticed by the global fraternity.
This change brought about two important changes in India’s politics.
The delegation expressed its strong support of the Prime Minister’s vision for making India a five trillion dollar economy in the near future.
In that interview, field Marshal Sam Manekshaw was reminiscing on times when he was a Colonel.
India exports fish and fisheries products to about 95 countries.
18. Will integrate with the proposed National Health Protection Mission under Ayushman Bharat.
Interacting with them, the Prime Minister spoke of the efforts being made by the Union Government to improve connectivity and infrastructure in the State.
“I bow to the venerable Loknayak JP on his Jayanti.
In order to ensure that their fellow countrymen could sleep peacefully, these brave sons toiled relentlessly, day or night.
The Prime Minister described the relationship between India and Israel as one of traditions, culture, trust and friendship.
We can protect ourselves from several diseases in addition to having a good heath if we daily practice the poses and breathing exercise of Yoga.
In fact, micro plastics have now even entered basic food like salt, bottled water and tap water.
Dr. Ram Manohar Lal ji had talked of creating a mass awakening on an extensive scale about the necessary measures to ensure a better income for our farmers and provide better irrigation facilities and to increase food and milk production.
India has been home to several saints, seers who have served society and reformed it, he added.
My dear countrymen, in “Mann Ki Baat”, we talk about those persons and institutions who make extra-ordinary contribution for the society.
The memorial also has 24-narrative murals depicting various events and stories from the historic 1930 Salt March.
They noted with great concern the growing menace of terrorism and violent extremism and its universal reach.
Honey is nature’s gift to mankind.
Electricity reached each & every village of the country this year.
Regular practice of Yoga has a direct bearing on the medical expenses of any family.
He credited him with ending the superstition associated with Noida, by coming to this city.
The approval seeks to ensure that the doctors belonging to Central Health Service (CHS) and of other Ministries / Departments / entities of the Central Government, after attaining the age of 62 years, work exclusively in their respective fields of clinical expertise.
He also dedicated to the nation, inaugurated, or laid the Foundation Stone for various development projects at Rae Bareli.
On the energy front, we are now the fifth largest producer of renewable energy in the world.
One of our largest states, Maharashtra, has already adopted a plan of its own in this direction.
The Prime Minister appreciated the close bilateral cooperation in sectors such as investment, urban development, civil aviation, and skill development.
Themes such as trade, investment, connectivity, youth and cultural exchanges came up for discussion.
The Prime Minister released Narmada Pravah – the Mission Work Plan for the river Narmada.
The requirement of road, rail and waterways is enormous.
The Chief Ministers of the respective States, and senior officials were present at the meetings.
At this event we won 13 medals besides 3 in mixed events.
A meagre tea vendor; today you will be surprised to know that the lives of more than 70 children are being illuminated through education due to his efforts.
“I am delighted to join the programme to mark the conclusion of the Narmada Seva Yatra in Amarkantak, Madhya Pradesh, tomorrow afternoon.
I was reading an old interview with the celebrated Army officer samManekshaw.
Even you would be aware that how many administrative and financial steps are needed to be taken by the government for construction of highways.
Among the projects inaugurated are the Integrated Power Development Scheme (IPDS) for Puraani Kashi; and an Atal Incubation Centre at BHU.
He said women now have a greater opportunity to earn extra income, as time spent on cooking has been reduced.
New systems are emerging.
Today, in the twenty-second meeting, the Prime Minister reviewed the progress towards handling and resolution of grievances related to the banking sector.
He ensured that millions of Indians were brought under the ambit of one nation & one constitution.
The Prime Minister later inaugurated the Patanjali Research Institute in Haridwar district.
But, we are now awaiting the rains.
My thoughts and prayers are with the people of Tamil Nadu in this hour of grief.
I have always considered my engagements with you extremely useful.
He said that the Tarakote Marg would provide an alternative route to the Mata Vaishno Devi Shrine, which would facilitate pilgrims.
This shows that international bilateral cooperation is no longer limited to national capitals, but now extends to our State capitals as well.
While new laws have been formulated, older laws have been made more stringent now.
I wish to congratulate all players who have won medals for the country.
The Prime Minister said that emphasis is being given to enhance both infrastructural and emotional connectivity in the entire North Eastern region, at a rapid rate.
He called upon the people of Pakistan to tell their rulers to fight corruption and fake notes.
Prime Minister Modi conveyed his good wishes for the progress and prosperity of the friendly people of Malaysia.
The International Convention of Saurashtra Patel Cultural Samaj is being held in California, United States of America, this year.
He was committed towards eradicating injustice and inequality from society.
And therefore, Swachh Bharat Mission – the quest for clean India – is linked to faith and spirituality in the country.
Two days later, we shall celebrate the birth anniversary of Shastriji along with respected Bapu’s birth anniversary.
60. Our resolve is to build an India, which provides all the opportunities to the youth and women to fulfil their dreams.
The poison of casteism and communalism can never benefit the country.
The national flags of many countries were together hoisted at the Kumbh.
In my experience, the more we relied on people’s own leadership, the better were the outcomes.
The Sides noted the importance of expansion of collaboration in aluminium sector.
Constant efforts to belittle our culture and make us feel inferior were on.
The Committee lauded PM’s initiatives to make the government cleaner through anti-corruption measures and demonetization.
These steps have greatly benefitted not only the poor, but also the middle class, PM said.
We are aware of the power of the collective resolve, hard work, sacrifice and devotion of our 125 crore citizens.
During the last three years, everyone in his or her own way has contributed towards water conservation and water management.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has wished people on World Health Day.
If the children in our family are interested in sports, they should be given opportunities.
However, most of the time the situation of the house is like this that umpires are in more trouble than the players.
The Prime Minister said doing social work should be a matter of great pride for everyone.
We need to fully harness these strengths.
Her fortitude in the face of adversity and steadfast opposition to colonialism will never be forgotten.
Acknowledging the greetings of the Anganwadi workers, the Prime Minister expressed his happiness that they had assembled from all parts of the country to meet him today.
We also need to give importance towards living in harmony with nature and not think about short term gains, he added.
An average of 32,000 crore rupees have been spent besides the MNREGA budget each year on water conservation and water management.
The Indian Diaspora in Portugal has played an important role in deepening our bilateral ties.
In this context, let me outline a ten-point agenda for renewing our efforts towards disaster risk reduction:
He said that a national strategy for creating a robust infrastructure for research in Artificial Intelligence has been prepared a few months ago.
Prime Minister assured her of India’s full and constructive cooperation in discharging her new responsibilities.
PM said that Ayushman Bharat Scheme will create an entirely new ecosystem which helps to create healthier India.
This very month, 20 year old Vedangi Kulkarni from Pune became the fastest Asian to traverse the globe riding a bicycle.
PM inaugurated the first phase of River Front Development at Patna .
Many programs are being organized across the country in celebration of the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi.
The exhibition showcases over a hundred good practices and applications.
“Greetings to all soldiers, veterans & their families on Army Day.
The world today, is also threatened by the twin challenges – terrorism, and climate change.
India and Cyprus share the common objective of bringing about an early reform of the United Nations Security Council.
All of you must have celebrated Deepawali with traditional fervour.
The PM added,“It is our constant endeavour to simplify procedures for small entrepreneurs.
If the world has to grow as a whole,there has to be a mutually supportive relationship between producers and consumers.
We are giving loans to small enterprises without collateral.
This Monsoon session of Parliament will always be remembered as a session for social justice and youth welfare.
This is Prime Minister Modi’s second bilateral visit to Germany.
Swachh Bharat Mission, therefore, now includes the Project “Swachh Iconic Places” to address this issue.
He added that inspired by Mahatma Gandhi, Indians have made the Swachh Bharat Mission the world’s biggest people’s movement.
In fact, May 1857 was not only evaluated as a minor historical incident but was also an attempt to dent our self-respect.
The first necessity for a healthy life is cleanliness.
In many parts of the country, our youth and farmers demonstrated their bravery whilst standing up against the injustice.
He mentioned the Jan Dhan Yojana, and said that the poor have now got access to banking facilities.
The Prime Minister said that IIT Bhubaneswar would spur the industrial development of Odisha, and work towards technology to improve the lives of the people.
These are some questions that I wish to leave you with.
Secretary Carter briefed Prime Minister on the progress in taking forward the decisions and understandings reached in June this year.
Since Diwali, our nation has been witness to a historic rite of purification.
But whenever I look at the overall outcome of ‘Mann Ki Baat’, it reinforces my belief, that it is intrinsically, inseparably woven into the warp & weft of our common citizens’ lives, cent per cent.
He was appointed as a Permanent Judge of the Gauhati High Court on 28th February, 2001.
This is not only highest ever FDI but also highest growth in FDI in India.
The interaction will provide an opportunity to hear directly from the farmers.
Over sixteen thousand kilometres of gas pipeline has been constructed and an additional eleven thousand kilometers is under construction.
He said the National Highway network in Uttar Pradesh has almost doubled in four years.
And in our first meeting itself I had experienced his enthusiasm and affection towards India.
This award would be given for outstanding efforts to further national integration.
Getting inspiration from her sacrifice, people came forward and joined her.
We are also working together on the reforms of the UN Security Council.
The whole country was concerned about saving Tomy.
ShrimanGurbachan Singh ji’s family has presented one such example before us.
I urge you to participate in Run for Unity, the festival of mutual harmony.
The Soundarya Lahari is a set of shlokas composed by Adi Shankaracharya.
He said that the Union Government has decided that for all notified crops, MSP will be at least one and a half times the cost.
It is natural for each one of us to feel proud of this great tradition of India.
In the education sector, we have taken an important step to grant the universities freedom from restrictions to make them the world class universities.
Over the past two and a half years, more than Rs. 1.25 lakh crore of black money has been brought into the open.
They expressed confidence that strong India-US partnership will continue to be an important factor for global peace and prosperity.
He emphasized that the poor must have access to quality and affordable healthcare.
Last year in November, India organized the first-ever South Asian Annual Disaster Management Exercise.
Interacting with the Prime Minister, the beneficiaries expressed happiness with the good quality of medicines available at Jan Aushadi Kendras.
Five (5) Companies of BSF, CISF and RAF’s have been deployed in the State to carry out rescue and relief measures.
Thus the gems and jewellery sector is a prime example of the potential of ‘Make In India’ and Skill India.
In India, if we compare the impact of cyclone events in 1999 and 2013, we can see the progress we have made.
They shared the view that peaceful, stable and balanced relations between India and China will be a positive factor for stability amidst current global uncertainties.
They want political stability and a supportive regulatory framework to ensure protection of their investment.
The Indian delegation, which was led by the Minister for Commerce & Industry, and Civil Aviation Suresh Prabhu, participated in the Eastern Economic Forum in Vladivostok in September 2018.
The two leaders will deliver statements to the media.
With their collective efforts, they have not only changed their own fortunes but have changed fortunes of the whole region.
This is in addition to Rs. 100 Cr. announced by the Home Minister on 12.08.2018.
There are daunting challenges ahead.
The Prime Minister said that the Constitution has been a guardian for us.
The government has stressed upon bringing more foreign investment in the country.
My dear countrymen, on 1st February 2017, Indian Coast Guard is completing 40 years.
Guru Nanak Dev ji is not only the first guru of Sikhs; he’s guru to the entire world.
“Extremely proud of our youngsters!
All these great men travelled widely in India.
Now, we have come up with a law against Benami Property.
On similar lines, on the 25th of December, I learnt of the loss of SulagittiNarsamma in Karnataka.
Kochi was selected as a Smart City in Round One of the challenge process in January 2016.
India is also the world’s biggest milk producer.
BHIM Aadhaar App for digital transaction has come as a surprise to the world.
Together, they contribute to creating a more interconnected and diverse world.
Brazil is among our most important economic partners in Latin America.
He added that the Government is giving a lot of importance to innovation and research.
Start-Ups have been given income tax exemption for three years.
We can now see a positive momentum towards digital transactions in India.
He commended the country’s security apparatus for the work they are doing in securing the country.
Kochi ranks first in the total number of international and domestic tourist arrivals in Kerala.
4. Regulation of pharmaceuticals, medical devices and cosmetics and exchange of information thereon;
The channel will be the 24th channel operated by Doordarshan.
The whole environment is filled with sacred fragrance.
He was an inspiration to Karyakartas like me.
There is no dearth of talent in our country.
Under the Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojana, rural roads have now connected 88 percent of all eligible habitations.
He encouraged States to give fresh ideas to the Finance Commission, for incentivizing outcome-based allocations, and expenditure correction.
This line will boost Tripura as the gateway to South and Southeast Asia.
In the same vein, he said that Gurudev Rabindranath Tagore belongs to Bangladesh, as much as to India.
The Prime Minister has been in constant touch with the Chief Minister regarding the flood situation.
I congratulate Bilal Dar.
He too, greeted the children on Vishwakarma Jayanti, and said it is important to learn various skills.
Yoga can prove to be a strong pillar to lead a life of discipline and development.
We seek peace and prosperity for all.
I express my gratitude to the administration, government and especially the people of these five states, for achieving this objective.
Congrats to ISRO for the successful launch of GSAT-11, which is the heaviest, largest and most-advanced high throughput communication satellite of India.
The Prime Minister said the bridge will bring about a positive change in the lives of the common people.
It is estimated that around 1 to 1.5 lakh knee operations happen in India every year.
He added that Vietnam is a key pillar of India’s “Act East” policy.
Japanese people have led the world in sustainable development.
We have abolished the Foreign Investment Promotion Board.
During Diwali, Khadi gift coupon sales recorded an overwhelming 680 per cent rise.
Their husbands laid down their lives in the service of mother India.
All the best for today.
Government of India has initiated the Sagarmala Project keeping it in mind.
The Food Safety and Standards Authority of India has been engaged in ensuring that processed food made in India, matches global quality standards.
Our festivals, impart to us many social values.
Friends, this is a first of its kind conference in this part of the world.
33 cities of Tamil Nadu have been included in the Amrit Mission.
Dr. Abdul Kalam continued to work throughout his life to realize the dream of a developed India.
He said almost all villages along the banks of the River Ganga have now become open defecation free.
My heartiest greetings to countrymen on this pious, festive occasion.
I hope they continue to do exemplary work in curbing plastic pollution.
The Prime Minister said the common man could relate to Adi Shankara’s composition – Soundarya Lahari.
9. Ambitious targets have been set that includes key health indicators and others to spur performance.
This award is given by the UN body ‘Food & Agriculture Organisation’ – FAO.
Ekta has won the gold and bronze medals in World Para Athletics Grand Prix 2018 held in Tunisia.
She has vowed to send her only son to join the CRPF.
Today solar energy is gaining popularity in India.”
Despite this, we have de-controlled petrol and diesel prices.
And therefore the most effective medicine that exists for memory recall is relaxation.
He mentioned his visit to the Cellular Jail, and the point where Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose had hoisted the tricolour 75 years ago.
The Prime Minister said that medicines are available at fifty to ninety percent lower price than the market rates at Jan Aushadi Kendras.
My dear countrymen, I will be back amidst you next month, with another episode of ‘Mann Ki Baat.’
From the time of the Upanishads persons with knowledge have been respected through the ages.
He said the Krishi Vigyan Kendras (KVKs) will play a key role in this regard.
BHIM stands for Bharat Interface for Money.
The project is also an example of environment friendly development.
He stated that the close and mutually beneficial India-Malaysia ties are based on the strong foundation of shared values, interests and vibrant people-to-people relations.
India is today the world’s fastest growing large economy.
In a way, entire India received his blessings.
India is one of the most investor-friendly economies in the world.
You must have heard a lot about Kumbh.
7. Procurement of health equipment and pharmaceutical products;
The Prime Minister said that if India wants to make a place for itself in global trade, it should have the best of arrangements in the port sector.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved Memorandum of Cooperation between India and Finland on Environmental Cooperation.
India has no dearth of brilliant lawyers and judges.
Members of the Club des Chefs des Chefs (Club of Presidential Chefs from across the Globe), called on the Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi today.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today inaugurated state-of-the-art super speciality Rasilaben Sevantilal Shah Venus hospital in Surat.
Interacting with the group, the Prime Minister appreciated the group members for undertaking this initiative.
Now, we have taken some more decisions in the interest of farmers.
On 10% reservation for the general category poor, the Prime Minister has said that this is a step in the right direction.
Everyone talks about this but do we not have any responsibility towards conservation of water?
He said that Under Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana, a massive campaign to provide a permanent house to the poors in cities and villages is underway.
The Prime Minister welcomed the celebration of 2017 as the India-UK Year of Culture.
He released a commemorative postage stamp to mark the occasion.
His answers were embellished with wit, humour and a number of different illustrative examples.
Don’t let this opportunity go past you.
He also encouraged the jawans to innovate, so that their routine tasks and duties become easier and safer.
He said this would eliminate middlemen, and result in savings for the government.
Today these diseases are known as ‘lifestyle disorders.’
Under the aegis of this campaign, separate programmes on village development, poverty amelioration and social justice will be held throughout India.
Every month, hundreds of poor patients are benefitting from these camps.
India’s former President Shriman Abdul Kalamji used to speak of Nanaji’s contribution in rural development while talking to the youth.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, on Wednesday met and interacted with a group of over 80 Additional Secretaries and Joint Secretaries serving in the Government of India.
Sister Nivedita and Scientist Jagdish Chandra Basu are a powerful testimony to this.
At a public meeting, he flagged off the 900th coach, and a Humsafar Rake.
All help is being provided to the State Government to deal with the adverse situation.
I pray for the quick recovery of those injured in Mandi district, Himachal Pradesh.
In India, we are upgrading connectivity at all levels.
Through Jan Dhan Yojana, social security schemes, MUDRA & Stand-Up India, we have given wings to millions of aspirations.
It offers a spectacular view of the Sardar Sarovar Dam, its reservoir, and the Satpura and Vindhya mountain ranges.
Homi Bhabha Cancer Hospital Lehartara will also be inaugurated by PM.
The Prime Minister will address a public rally in Dharamshala in Kangra district.
Its state-of-the-art facilities will cater to the health care needs of the region.
About 12 crore farmers are expected to benefit from PM-KISAN.
This can happen only if businesses make long-term investments that create jobs and sustain economic growth.
Training is given for employment as well as self-employment to meet the aspirations of youth for a better life.
What goals is the gems and jewellery industry setting for itself by that date?
Today our warehouses are filled with food grains.
President Xi and I will exchange views on a range of issues of bilateral and global importance.
The Prime Minister said that out of the 500 biggest companies in the world, one-fourth belong to the public sector in some country.
Luckily I got another chance to celebrate Deepawali with our courageous and brave heart security personnel.
I am excited to lead the Indian delegation for our first-ever meeting of the Council as a full member.
Recalling Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose, the Prime Minister said that on Netaji’s call, many youth from the Andamans had dedicated themselves to the freedom of India.
He reaffirmed India’s commitment to a robust and strong bilateral strategic partnership with the US.
I see great untapped potential in this for investors.
We have focused on removing the barrierswhich were preventing us from achieving our full potential.
I would like to see such a reading and library movement in the entire country.
He expressed happiness that States are now organising investor summits.
The new Insolvency & Bankruptcy Code will make it easier for investors to have an exit.
Leaving home for the first time, moving out of one’s village, coming out of a protective environment amounts to taking charge of the course of one’s life.
Positive change has always found space in our country.
The Prime Minister congratulated the crew on the success of their mission.
Let me begin by congratulating NITI Aayog for organizing this global conference.
Works like Encyclopaedia of Hinduism, when made available in various languages, increase the under-standing and enhance the awareness of other traditions and cultures within the country.
The Prime Minister said that today, the farmer buys in retail, but sells in wholesale.
Arbitration proceedings will now become faster as the Arbitration law has been amended.
Tomorrow, I will travel to Haifa to pay homage to our brave Indian soldiers.
Events related to sanitation and renewable energy shall be the focus of the Prime Minister’s engagements on Gandhi Jayanti.
He called upon all present, to work towards 100 percent sanitation coverage by October 2, 2019, the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi.
Compared to last year, the total sales of Khadi & Handicrafts have risen almost by 90%.
He said that the huge reduction in piracy in the Indian Ocean, is due, to a large extent, to the military might of India, and our international partnerships.
Cyprus is the 8th largest investor in India.
With the inauguration of both cancer hospitals, Varanasi is set to become an important centre for quality treatment and care in Cancer related ailments.
Yoga brings about peace in this modern fast paced life by combining the body, mind, spirit and soul.
He was an effective voice for Karnataka’s aspirations in Delhi.
197 million bank accounts were opened in one year.
Thus, he brought our beloved tricolor closer to the commonman.
We also need to move towards transparent and flexible markets for both oil and gas.
The Prime Minister said, “We have taken a major step to provide education facilities at the higher educational, technical and professional institutions in addition to the reservation for the poor from general category.
Regardless of the fact that India could not win the title, the young players of India won the hearts of everyone.
This has freed rural women from the misery of poisonous smoke.
And I’m hopeful that Tamil Nadu will not lag behind in this race and it will strive to achieve this goal..
He will unveil the plaque to mark the serving of 3rd billionth meal by Akshaya Patra Foundation at Vrindavan Chandrodaya Mandir.
The selected bank will co-brand the Kochi Metro Fare Card and App with the bank’s name.
The Russian Side offered its expertise in tax collection based on satellite navigation technologies for the realization of joint projects in India including in the framework of above mentioned industrial corridors.
“Saddened by the loss of lives and destruction in Indonesia caused by the Tsunami after the eruption of a volcano.
He recalled India’s commitment to generate 175 GigaWatts of energy from renewable sources by 2022.
The Prime Minister will address the Centenary Celebrations of Patna University.
He stressed on women empowerment and respect for women.
The Prime Minister appreciated the State Government, and all other agencies for the response to the flood situation so far.
The Special Notified Zone at the Bharat Diamond Bourse became operational in November, 2015.
The PM-SYM along with the health coverage provided under ‘Ayushman Bharat’ and life & disability coverage provided under ‘Pradhan Mantri Jeevan Jyoti Bima Yojana’ and ‘Pradhan Mantri Suraksha Bima Yojana, will ensure comprehensive social security coverage for the workers in the unorganized sector at their old age.
He said that good connectivity in the North-East will also link the region with the economy of South-East Asia.
Made in India and Made by Japan combination has already started to work and converge wonderfully.
The leaders reviewed regional and global issues.
But if something comes from outside those few things you had touched upon; a question comes which is outside the bunch of selected questions that you had prepared; you will be find yourself slipping to the rock bottom.
The Prime Minister called for speeding up of work related to redevelopment of Railway Stations, and greater creativity in the generation of non-fare revenue.
At the feet of the Statue of Unity, the Prime Minister will perform a special prayer.
These brave hearts made the supreme sacrifice in securing the lives of a hundred & twenty five crore Indians.
The month of October is a month to remember so many of our titans.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and United Kingdom regarding cooperation between both countries in the sphere of Law & Justice and to set up a Joint Consultative Committee.
No civil society can tolerate any kind of injustice towards the woman-power of the country.
My thoughts are with the families of the deceased.
The Government also aims to extend Piped Natural Gas to ten million houses over the next five years.
Leading this effort, the Prime Minister shared through social media, a special video, featuring his appeal to the people to send messages to our brave Armed Forces personnel.
A single-window facilitation cell provides handholding for foreign investors.
These include:
He said that with the Statue of Unity, India has given itself today, a towering inspiration for the future.
He exhorted them to study hard and develop a keen interest in sports as well.
During the interaction, the Prime Minister highlighted the scope for cooperation in Energy Security and Food Security between the two countries.
We have also done well in the field of wildlife conservation.
May you enjoy your stay in the spiritual city of Rishikesh, and the divine surroundings of Parmarth Niketan.
We are a young Nation.
Under the Mission for Integrated Development of Horticulture, farmers would be provided assistance for replantation of damaged horticulture crops.
Some people have really benefitted very well from MNREGA budget provisions made by the Government of India for water conservation and water management works.
In FDI Foreign Direct Investment, we are one of the most open countries now.
The Prime Minister said that schemes such as Mudra Yojana, Jan Dhan Yojana and Stand Up India, are helping in greater financial inclusion.
After the start of the project Customs administrations of both countries will be committed to its further expansion.
This figure shows the enthusiasm and inclination of the youth of Tamil Nadu towards the self employment.
Speaking on this occasion, the Prime Minister congratulated the gathering on the celebration of Dhanvantari Jayanti as Ayurveda Divas.
vii) Any other area of cooperation as may be mutually decided upon.
And, shape our partnership and engagement in a manner that ultimately contributes to the progress of all Indians and all Sri Lankans, and also touches your lives.
A number of importantbills beneficial to the youth and the backward classes were passed during this session.
Apart from farming, they can earn money by selling power generated through solar farming.
He also appealed to NRI community to motivate at least five foreign families to visit India every year for Bharat Darshan.
It was Veer Savarkar who boldly expostulated by writing that whatever happened in 1857 was not a revolt but was indeed the First War of Independence.
· Insurance companies have also been advised to pay the insurance claims of people affected by Ockhi cyclone expeditiously.
He described the Constitution as the very soul of our democratic structure.
We will facilitate an early commencement of negotiations on a free trade agreement between the Eurasian Economic Union and the Republic of India.
She was a woman who could live a luxurious life but she dedicatedly worked for the poor.
It is my particular pleasure to welcome Excellency the Prime Minister of Portugal, the Vice President of Suriname, the honourable Ministers from Malaysia and Mauritius to the event.
My many felicitations and best wishes to you.
On 29 May, I will be in Jakarta on the invitation of Indonesian President Joko Widodo.
Iran will continue to achieve new heights under the dynamic leadership of President Hassan Rouhani.
The other three terminals are under construction at Sahibganj, Haldia and Gazipur.
Moreover, these mile-stones have been achieved even before some of the major recent reforms.
Oil ministers from developing countries know the sensitivity of energy pricing.
A number of conventions and seminarshave been organised on various topics.
He expressed hope that the medal winners will remain grounded and would not lose focus due to fame and accolades.
He said that developing a close rapport with people, is one of the keys to achieving success in their tasks and objectives.
In August 2016 strict rules were put in place to curtail benami transactions.
President Temer’s visit will open up new areas for cooperation with Brazil, an important strategic partner.
14. Security of the country is our priority.
I extend felicitations on behalf of the entire nation to the entire team and support staff.
The Prime Minister further said that adequate capital, courage and connecting with people are required for excelling in the start- up sector.
He congratulated the people of Jammu Kashmir for making the state Open Defecation Free by September 2018 itself.
I will join programmes in Ahmedabad, Rajkot, Modasa and Gandhinagar.
My personal engagement with the leadership, Government, Industry and people of Japan is now a decade old.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today inaugurated the Kochi Metro, and travelled briefly on the new metro line.
Earlier, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said that the India-Japan partnership is special, strategic and global.
These days , I keep receiving news from our states.
We have taken decisive steps and built a governance system that will help India realize its potential.
It is a tremendous honour to be the first Indian Prime Minister ever to visit this beautiful region of Sri Lanka.
Russia expressed its support for India’s membership of the Nuclear Suppliers Group.
Prime Minister has welcomed the leaders of the BRICS and BIMSTEC families, ahead of the summits.
He released a postal stamp on “Ramayana,” on this occasion.
Prime Minister exchange views with the delegation members on the bilateral partnership and other issues of mutual interest.
My dear countrymen, you must’ve returned to your respective routines after the Diwali vacation, with a new resolve, with a new determination.
He laid the Foundation Stone for pipeline and road projects.
I myself will also be a candidate during this election.
The Prime Minister reviewed the flood situation during a meeting with Shri PinarayiVijayan, the Chief Minister of Kerala, and officials of the State Government.
The MoU is intended to promote innovation, creativity and economic growth in both countries.
Banks and NBFCs will not levy high interest on these loans, as Government of India is bearing the cost of underwriting them.
The Prime Minister invited Kazakhstan to become a member of the International Solar Alliance.
India is now the most preferred investment destination in this sector.
The Jan Dhan Yojana has brought millions of people into the banking system.
He said India believes that the world is one family, and is fulfilling its global responsibilities.
Your doing so will go a long way in building a New India.
Government has also asked banks to raise the credit limit for small industry from 20 per cent of turnover to 25 per cent.
Towards this end, the Prime Minister’s interaction will bring together various stakeholders involved in the mission.
With the same spirit, I had started a similar movement by name of VANCHE GUJARAT when I was Chief Minister of the State.
This money will be used in strengthening the facilities like electricity, water, sewage, cleaning and gardens in those 33 cities.
The Prime Minister emphasized on the shared values between India and Japan.
Come, let us take positivity forward.
Today, the 11th August, reminds us of a significant event in history.
He said that these noble causes require close coordination and constant monitoring.
To increase energy efficiency, my government has given the highest ever priority to the railways.
His work will continue to draw people towards the joys of Sufi music.
• Nation will not gain anything by standing with those who have plundered the nation.
Lokmanya Tilak was full of courage and self-confidence.
Key Features of the tunnel
I urge you all to be a part of this campaign.
Ms. Espinosa shared her priorities for the upcoming session of the UN General Assembly.
As we have done so, we continued to remain one of the fastest growing major Economies in the world.
The Prime Minister will address the gathering.
Prime Minister Modi said that Defence Cooperation is a key pillar of the relationship between India and Japan.
Kerala was also the first state to attain 100 percent primary education.
Prime Minister Modi reiterated the importance of cohesiveness in the European Union, and its significance as a force of stability in the world.
I congratulate and felicitate the young heroes and their families who were honoured with various gallantry awards on the eve of this Republic Day.
Savings of fuel due to elimination of delays at State border crossings will help the environment as well, he added.
After laying the Foundation Stone of the Pakuldul project, the Prime Minister said it is a unique day when one hydropower project has been inaugurated; and the Foundation Stone has been laid for another one.
64. The Sides noted that the participation of the Prime Minister of the Republic of India Narendra Modi in the SCO Heads of State Council Meeting in Qingdao in June 2018 marked successful involvement of India in the work of the Organization as a full-fledged member.
Have you observed the way I have frequently used terms such as ‘the best ever’ or ‘new, unprecedented record’?
This is the ninth interaction in the series by the Prime Minister through video conference with the beneficiaries of various Government schemes.
He praised Prime Minister Abe for the fact that this project is being launched within such a short time.
Just a while ago, 16 year old Shivangi Pathak became the youngest Indian woman to scale Everest from the Nepal side.
Most of the grievances are related to issues of poor service quality, connectivity and non-functioning of landline connections.
16 year old player Tabaabi Devi hails from a village in Manipur.
I congratulate all those athletes who are bringing back medals.
Skill India aims to ensure that new entrants to the work force have the necessary skills to contribute to the economy of the 21st century.
The Prime Minister said that this honour truly belongs to the people of India.
I am looking forward to meeting the political leaders and friends in Nepal.
He mentioned the work being done towards modernization of transport infrastructure.
However, I take satisfaction in the fact that this is the second Summit between India and Portugal within a period of six months.
