He also mentioned that sports also help in personality development, confidence building and overall development.
We are improving governance by increasing access to digital technology to improve end-to-end delivery in society.
2nd October of this year has another special significance.
I assure that the Government of India is committed to extend all necessary support to the state's efforts in combating these diseases.
This fully automated and state-of-the-art coastal installation project will ensure the safety of petroleum products for Andhra Pradesh.
He also said that the central government takes decisions keeping in mind the national interest and not for political gains.
My dear countrymen, greetings to all of you.
He said that there is a strong need to create proper blueprints at the district level so that we can understand our diverse talents and plan for infrastructure accordingly.
What tortures the freedom fighters must have suffered.
The result of 100% neem coating of urea has also been in the form of reducing expenditure on fertilizer, besides increasing productivity.
Third, the Prime Minister laid special emphasis on private sector participation in gas distribution.
He described tourism as an ancient concept and a spiritual tradition in India.
On the advent of the holy month of Ramadan, I extend my warm greetings and best wishes to the people of India and around the world, especially to the Muslim community, on this holy month.
He said that a teacher is associated with a lifelong stream of knowledge.
Adds the sum between this scatter.
Record growth in the last two and a half years
He told the students that they should think of innovative solutions to the problems faced by the people.
If we are not able to manage this progress in planning and implementation, the human and economic losses from the disaster will be greater than before.
As an experienced parliamentarian, he enriched parliamentary proceedings.
This is the 5th Indian Science Congress to be addressed by Shri Narendra Modi after assuming charge as the Prime Minister, in keeping with the Prime Minister's vision to promote the spirit of science, technology and innovation across the country.
Addressing the gathering, the Prime Minister said that development is the best solution to all forms of violence.
He will also launch a portal for coordination and monitoring of developmental works at the district level.
And for this, you people will also have to take strict steps.
"On World Toilet Day, we reaffirm our commitment to improving sanitation facilities across our country.
17. It is proposed to expand vaccination to all states.
This time the golden jubilee of the Press Council of India is also being celebrated.
The weather has become pleasant with torrential rains in many parts of the country.
People donate to the needy during this holy month.
The Prime Minister said that both IQ (Intellectual Skills) and EQ (Emotional Skills) are of great importance in student life.
We were particularly moved by President Moon's decision to send the first lady as a special representative for the Deepotsav celebrations held in Ayodhya last year.
Supply chain efficiencies are critical in any manufacturing enterprise.
I had appealed to change the brain-drain to brain-gain.
Being a market economy, our needs and strengths complement each other.
My young friends, you are well aware that I keep on 'Mann Ki Baat'.
Peacekeeping operations are not an easy task.
He said that he himself has visited the North Eastern Region more than 25 times in the last four years.
This has benefited lakhs of artisans and workers.
Today the whole country is celebrating the festival of Janmashtami along with the festival of independence.
Later in 1945, when the freedom struggle gained momentum, he prepared a revised copy of the idea.
In this Town Hall program, I got an opportunity to talk to crores of students, their parents, teachers of the country and abroad through technology.
As part of the launch ceremony of the fortnight-long campaign, the Prime Minister will interact with various people at 18 locations across the country via video conferencing.
Now we have reached the information age.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that we should think about how research can help our farmers.
He said all the stakeholders associated with the health sector are working together to bring about a radical change in the sector.
He also said that the government will ensure that adequate agricultural credit is available.
This was also a feat done by our soldiers in the direction of peace.
The use of this bridge will significantly improve connectivity between Assam and Arunachal Pradesh and significantly reduce travel time.
He said that now Varanasi is among the selected cities where piped cooking gas is being provided.
The medal winners called on the Prime Minister at Parliament House.
The Prime Minister appreciated how poor women have fought all odds with confidence and fortitude.
The Prime Minister recalled the role played by Indian soldiers in the liberation of Haifa during the First World War.
He said that Varanasi has a lot of tourism potential and all efforts should be made to keep the city clean.
We have also decided to start an annual exchange of bilateral visits of 100 young people from science-related academic disciplines.
The Bharatmala Yojana aims to improve road connectivity by building national corridors and highways.
This will facilitate students interested in cinema from the northeastern states.
14. Other areas of cooperation as mutually decided.
His game has made us all proud.
Prime Minister Modi said that his government is committed to ending middlemen and corruption.
The Prime Minister welcomed Russia's unconditional assistance to India on the issue of cross-border terrorism.
The National War Memorial near India Gate in New Delhi is a fitting tribute to our jawans who laid down their lives to protect the country after independence.
Talking about self-help groups, the Prime Minister said that self-help groups play an important role in economic and social progress for the poor of the society, especially women from rural sections.
They will provide certificates to the beneficiaries of various schemes.
Areas of youth-based cooperation include the movement of youth, representatives of youth organizations, and government officials in charge of youth-related policymakers from one country to another.
We are determined to do what is sustainable and green.
In 2016, a special campaign was launched to identify leprosy.
With this mutual and global goal in mind, I thank Prime Minister Abe and Japan for being a perfect partner.
You too should take part and especially I would urge you to show these things to the children.
Science and Technology
The Prime Minister conveyed his and the people of India's deepest condolences for the loss of life and property caused by the recent earthquake and tsunami in the Sulawesi region of Indonesia.
He made it clear that the government will ensure availability of more seats in educational institutions so that students from other categories are not affected.
It is also necessary to have a framework of co-operation for expeditious action in cases involving consumers from other countries.
For example, if a firefighting team visits a school in their area every week, it will make schoolchildren sensitive throughout the year.
Under your leadership, Cyprus has successfully overcome recent financial and banking challenges.
The government is firmly committed to follow the path of fiscal consolidation.
And therefore, the state government is being helped a lot in increasing the basic facilities in the state.
The passion for football is quite deep in Portugal.
The Prime Minister said that his government is committed to completing all projects in a time-bound manner.
This is especially imperative to ensure freedom, peace and justice for the oppressed, the oppressed and the marginalised.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval to the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Singapore on cooperation in the field of Urban Planning and Development.
The Prime Minister said that the government's campaign against black money is a bold and decisive step.
Soon, we will also be able to get a new joy, a new satisfaction in carrying forward the journey that Atal ji had started.
Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel took over the reins of unifying India.
The results of these efforts are now showing.
"I bow to Loknayak Jayaprakash Narayan on his birth anniversary.
He went to different countries of the world and raised his voice against the misinformation being spread about Sanatan Dharma and philosophy.
We will work shoulder to shoulder with countries in these regions to deal with disasters.
For a healthy and happy humanity, it is our responsibility to further develop the understanding of yoga.
Who is not a fan of Harmanpreet Kaur?
During the interaction today, the Prime Minister elaborated on India's policies in the area of climate change and environmental sustainability.
In such a situation, consumer protection is such a subject that is an important component of increasing and strengthening business in this sector.
The 1.25 billion citizens of India will welcome with new resolutions, new enthusiasm, new zeal, new dreams.
However, in relation to these food parks, our goal is to connect the agro-processing cluster with the main production centre.
He said that during the current financial year, states are receiving more than Rs 11 lakh crore from the Centre, which represents an increase of about Rs 6 lakh crore over the last year of the previous government.
It is, therefore, an honour for me to welcome a close friend and ardent supporter of India.
That is, in a way, a system is being created to connect the farm with any market in the country.
He inaugurated the Swadesh Darshan scheme by unveiling a plaque there.
Now the effort is to get the banks back to normal as soon as possible in the new year.
Speaking about the progress made so far towards this resolve, the Prime Minister said that more than 11 crore Soil Health Cards have been distributed so far.
Giving a befitting reply to those who mocked the Prime Minister's Swachhta Abhiyan announcement from the Red Fort, he said that today due to the elaboration of the Swachhta Abhiyan, 97 per cent of the population now has access to clean toilets.
In the Joint Statement on Maritime Cooperation, we have outlined our programme of cooperation in this area.
During the interaction, Shri Narendra Modi said that Deendayal Antyodaya Yojana-National Rural Livelihoods Mission has been launched in all the states.
The MoU was signed on July, 2017.
Ayushman Bharat also includes the Prime Minister's National Health Protection Mission.
The country is run by peace, goodwill and unity.
Today, there has been a detailed discussion between the President and me.
We are also looking at various strategies for better waste management.
This will help in better health and maternal care for the weaker sections of the society.
Programmes like GST and stringent action on corruption have helped people do business honestly.
Trade unions thus recognised will be accountable in maintaining industrial harmony.
The Prime Minister congratulated the people of Indore for taking the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan forward.
The National War Memorial complex includes a central quadrangle pillar, an eternal flame, and six bronze murals depicting famous battles fought by the Indian Army, Air Force, and Navy.
The law and order situation is being closely monitored.
For example, under India's housing programme, a target has been set to build 10 million houses in urban areas.
There were even attempts to erode the confidence of Indians in them.
He said that the Central Government is also laying a lot of emphasis on the development of waterways.
It seems to be a question of life and death.
Thereafter, the Prime Minister will visit Anjar.
Swiss Bank has reported that deposits by Indians have reached an all-time low.
I bow to all those heroes with all my heart and respect.
The Prime Minister directed the insurance companies to conduct special camps to assess the losses and compensate the affected families and beneficiaries under social security schemes within a stipulated time.
FDI inflows from Japan have almost tripled in the last three years.
In Port Blair, the Prime Minister laid a wreath at the Martyrs' Column and visited the Cellular Jail.
Sometimes it also seems that we are not able to look at the exam from a proper perspective.
India and Japan are ancient civilizations and vibrant democracies.
And so the weight of points that it carries also sometimes prevents us from going in the right direction.
I strongly condemn the violence and pray for everyone to maintain peace.
Different education boards across the country will begin the process for Class X and XII board exams in the next few weeks.
He said that Gujarat's development journey has seen a lot of positive changes in the last two decades.
It provides for frameworks and conducive environment for understanding each other's strengths, markets, technology, policies, etc.
The MoU was signed in May 2017 during the visit of the Palestinian Foreign Minister to India.
January, February, March, April - all these months are the testing months in every family.
He recalled that the Central Government had earlier launched the 'Jan Dhan Yojana' to ensure financial inclusion.
New Tamil Nadu is not possible without New India.
We need to support such initiatives through policies and actions.
Our bilateral trade is more than 10 billion dollars.
Indian women have played a leading role in peacekeeping operations.
I thank Chief Minister Ramyaiah ji and his entire government for organizing this event and for the cooperation and efforts made to make it a success.
It is playing a huge role for Gramodaya.
He said that for India, there is not only an industrial transformation but also a social transformation.
He said that the nation will never forget the sacrifices of the freedom fighters.
Under this scheme, interest subsidy will be provided to the borrower on the loan amount up to two lakh rupees.
His greatest contribution to the freedom struggle was that he made it a mass movement.
The Government of India has also supported the activities of this foundation.
The MoU will help the Academy to disseminate its experiences to NIPAM for running training institutes for higher civil services in the country.
His life was dedicated to ending suffering and removing injustice from society.
At this time, the entire country stands with the people of the North East.
An increase in maternity leave is a welcome provision.
This shows that there is still a craze among our youth towards our ancient heritage and our heroic heroes of history.
We are the second largest exporter of shrimp in the world.
The Prime Minister also said that Bhuj, like other metros of Gujarat, will have a modern bus port.
President Temer's visit provides an important opportunity to work in a planned manner.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Agreement between India and Myanmar on Land Border Crossing.
Japan's role in our mega projects like Dedicated Freight Corridors, Delhi Mumbai Industrial Corridor, Metro Rail and High Speed Rail underlines scale and speed.
A large number of private companies are also connecting with the portal.
The MGNREGA budget also comes in handy for this water conservation.
Shri Gobind Singh believed that the greatest service was to alleviate human suffering.
The Prime Minister said that hygiene is one of the most important aspects of preventive healthcare.
Institutions also contributed to it in a big way.
The UAE is one of our most valued allies in a significant part of the world, and a close friend.
From the programmes launched today, you can get an idea of the depth of the relationship between the two countries.
Since its inception, more than 7 lakh poor patients have been benefitted in just 100 days.
He thanked Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu for the warm welcome and the respect extended to him throughout his visit.
He said that the biggest challenge for medal winners is starting now and they should not lose sight of the goal of the Olympic Games.
The redressal of public grievances in 17 areas was also reviewed.
You will be happy to know that this award, given for the best policy making in this sector, is similar to the Oscar in that sector.
The Founding Conference of the Alliance was held in New Delhi earlier this year.
We are confident that our people will be the decisive partners in our endeavour to create responsive, collective and inclusive solutions.
He said that the innovative spirit of our ancestors must be kept alive.
During this period, the expedition team will stop at Bijnor, Narora, Farrukhabad, Kanpur, Allahabad, Varanasi and Buxar.
The Prime Minister said that the Kashi Vishwanath temple has maintained its existence despite suffering injustice for many centuries.
With no middlemen in between, things get a lot cheaper.
This traditional calendar shows how old our relationship with natural and astronomical events is.
The projects reviewed today include construction of four new AIIMS in Delhi, Mumbai Industrial Corridor Mangalagiri in Andhra Pradesh, Kalyani in West Bengal, Nagpur in Maharashtra and Uttar Pradesh.
In particular, the Prime Minister mentioned Meghalaya, which received the award for its achievements in agriculture during the period under review.
But this is my first time coming to DefExpo.
"Every Indian is extremely proud of the successful test firing of Agni-V.
The staff of the UN, diplomats of the world, everyone participated in it.
Under this, more than 100 million poor and vulnerable families will get insurance cover of more than $7,000 per year.
In this context, he mentioned various development-oriented initiatives of the government such as Ayushman Bharat, Swachh Bharat Abhiyan and Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Prime Minister of Portugal António Costa visited the Champalimaud Foundation in Lisbon today.
This is the third official visit of the Prime Minister to Kollam.
I see in front of me, a very large number of Bal-Kanhaiya are also present here.
He said that the goal of the government is to double the income of farmers by 2022.
"Greetings to the people of Meghalaya on the special occasion of their Statehood Day.
After the review meeting, the Prime Minister announced a financial assistance of Rs 500 crore for the state.
I have asked the Ministry of Defence to further expedite the relief and rescue operations in the state.
A lot of people have written to me showing their support for this, sent letters, also shared their fitness mantra - Fit India stories on social media.
All these projects present immense potential for Japanese industry.
It is an important day to reaffirm our commitment to further strengthen our democracy by participating in democratic processes at the local, state and national levels.
There is wonderful energy, vibration, hypnosis in this holy land.
All the best and blessings to Hanaya.
The main objective of this mission is to promote reading as a means of growth and prosperity.
10 days ago, Mother India lost her brave sons.
Training and management for the administration of health services and hospitals;
Recently, 30 nanosatellites have been launched. '
In this context, he mentioned government programmes like Jan Dhan Yojana, Ujjwala Yojana, Swachh Bharat Mission, Bima Yojana, Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana and the recently launched Saubhagya Yojana.
During the interaction, the Prime Minister urged the awardees to unite the community and make them an integral part of orderly development in schools.
His path-breaking and tireless emphasis on social reform helped the underprivileged.
They have shown that when the goal is set, the motivation is high, and the resolve is in the mind, it can be accomplished.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted all citizens on National Voters' Day.
The Prime Minister will then leave for Odisha.
The outer zone is still quite strong.
I will also address a public meeting.
This will be the fourth annual summit between Prime Minister Modi and Prime Minister Abe.
It brings goodwill to the society by making the families sensitive towards the society.
India can proudly say that in India's army, not only the male power in the armed forces, but also the female power is contributing equally.
Prime Minister in Assam
In fact, the 1.25 billion people of India have the same affection for the people of Japan.
My thoughts are with his entire family, friends and supporters at this sad hour.
Incorporation of 'Mishmi-Kaman' (Mizu Mishmi), Idu (Mishmi) and Tarao (Digaru Mishmi) in serial number 8.
The Prime Minister said that over three lakh companies have come under the scanner due to the investigation of data mining that took place after demonetisation.
India and Russia pledged to cooperate with each other to meet these goals.
A legacy that connects our society across generations and centuries.
He said the central government has approved 100 per cent FDI in the healthcare system.
Recently, a scheme has also been launched to provide electricity connection to every household in the country.
The government is also working towards the goal of every person in the country having their own house by 2022.
They also agreed to continue efforts to develop clean energy-based systems, renewable energy and fuels, technologies to increase energy efficiency and produce non-polluting energy.
You all know that when we successfully put in orbit for the 'Mars Mission', the entire mission was for a period of 6 months.
These projects include The Western Dedicated Freight Corridor and Char Dham Highway Development Project.
Referring to the ongoing Poshan Maah, the Prime Minister said that the momentum that has come during this campaign should not diminish.
That is why so many letters have come about agriculture.
The coming together of so many countries on International Yoga Day reflects the true essence of yoga - togetherness.
My dear countrymen, it has been a unique experience for me to connect with all of you through the 'Mann Ki Baat' programme.
This is a new path that the government has opened for you.
He reiterated the Union Government's commitment to provide universal coverage of seven flagship schemes to 45,000 additional villages in 115 Aspirational Districts by 15 August 2018.
He said that the launch of IPPB today is another important step towards achieving this objective.
India's ranking has improved due to our efforts towards ease of doing business.
Even if it is 2 minutes, it also expresses collectiveness, resolve and reverence for the martyrs.
There is an occasion to worship Maa Durga.
He said India is creating records in the startup sector on the strength of the talent of its youth.
The Prime Minister said that the Chief Ministers of the states have played a major role in policy formulation through sub-groups and committees on issues like Swachh Bharat Mission, digital transactions, and skill development.
The Prime Minister thanked Japan for providing technical and financial assistance for the project.
In July this year, we have implemented a uniform Goods and Services Tax system across the country.
Similar steps have been taken towards the release of advance information about the cyclone.
We will work towards a qualitatively high level of military-to-military cooperation.
He said that as a society, it is imperative to stay connected with our history.
Several Union Ministers and other dignitaries were present on the occasion.
He said that more than 65 AYUSH hospitals have been developed during the last 3 years.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will inaugurate the birth centenary celebrations of Nanaji Deshmukh tomorrow (October 11, 2017) at IARI, Pusa, New Delhi.
His contribution is highly valued in India and the United Arab Emirates.
He said the focus of the government is to increase production through faster connectivity.
In the evening, the Prime Minister visited various routes in the city to evaluate development works in Varanasi.
But someone has to take this decision for the sake of the country.
These projects pertain to various states including Haryana, Rajasthan, Gujarat, Maharashtra, Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, Jharkhand, Odisha, West Bengal, Telangana, Tamil Nadu and Andhra Pradesh.
Obviously, it will take a lot of effort to make it popular.
Shri Narendra Modi also called for a mission mode initiative for 100 most backward districts of India.
We are sanctioning loans up to one crore rupees in 59 minutes. '
The agreement will support revenue collection claims made by both countries.
It is the largest underground storage facility in the country.
Today, I am saying this with great pride that it is due to collective efforts that the 'Swachh Bharat Mission' has become a successful campaign.
Yoga is a code of connecting people with life and then connecting mankind with nature.
India's economic growth rate in the fourth quarter of the financial year 2017-18 has been 7. 7 per cent.
He said that our armed forces are conducting an average of 10 major joint exercises with the armies of friendly countries every year.
On 30th January, all of us pay homage to the martyrs who laid down their lives for the country by observing 2 minutes silence at 11 am.
He inaugurated the Super Speciality Block of KIMS at Hubli, Income Tax Appellate Tribunal Building at Bengaluru, Women's Hostel for girl students of North Eastern Region at Bangalore University at the press of a button.
I had thanked all the parties that day as well.
Nordic solutions in non-polluting technologies, sea-based solutions, port modernization, food processing, health, life sciences, and agriculture were discussed.
These measures have also increased the efficiency of energy use.
An enabling alternative dispute resolution ecosystem is a national priority for India.
The two leaders also agreed to pursue bilateral trade and investment in a balanced and sustainable manner, taking advantage of the beneficial arrangements existing between the two countries.
The ability of the NDRF to handle the situation with their commitment and quick decisions has become a new center of reverence for every Indian.
Sports are still considered a waste of time in society.
Praising the Bohra community, the Prime Minister said that it was a privilege for him to be associated with the community.
This is the hallmark of the credibility of your dynamic course and exam.
With these measures, our economy is now on a fast track to growth.
My dear countrymen, the festival of Navratri is going on.
The team is led by captain Mithali Raj.
He said that our goal has been to double the income of farmers and make the life of farmers easier.
A Drishyakala museum has also been built in this Kranti Mandir.
Abdullah expressed appreciation for India's continued support to Afghanistan in its infrastructure development and capacity building.
It will facilitate effective institutional interactions between India and Thailand.
From cause lists to case law, the lawyer's library is now a click away from your mobile.
Whether it is grandparents or grandparents, parents, sons and daughters, all three generations should do yoga together and upload their picture.
Reading helps people broaden their thinking.
We are the fourth-largest producer of wind power and the fifth-largest producer of solar power.
The two sides aim to establish cooperative institutional relations to encourage technical bilateral cooperation on new and renewable topics on the basis of mutual benefit.
The kind of affection, the reverence and the feeling of grief that spread all over the country for Atal ji reflects his huge personality.
Describing it as a historic day, the Prime Minister dedicated the PM-SYM scheme to the 42 crore workers in the unorganised sector of the country.
23. Both sides appreciated the efforts to strengthen and institutionalize cooperation between the states of India and the regions of Russia.
The establishment of this Joint Working Group will help in resolving the matter related to the terrorist attack.
He said that such an attitude is now changing.
In this regard, they resolved to strengthen a close developmental partnership in a mutually beneficial and sustainable manner for national modernization and further enrichment of their people.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that he is experiencing a special energy in the atmosphere from this collective lesson.
He laid the foundation stone of the institute in April 2015.
The Prime Minister also reviewed the progress of the Smart Cities Mission.
Be it relief and rescue work or disaster management, our Air Warriors are grateful to the Air Force for their commendable work.
The Prime Minister mentioned the expansion of infrastructure related to basic health services, road networks, oil and gas pipelines.
The Prime Minister will lay the foundation stone of the Sulwade Jamphal Kanoli Lift Irrigation Scheme.
In just a few hours, we will all welcome the New Year of 2017.
Well, young friends, you are preparing for the exam and I am holding you in my heart.
The two leaders expressed happiness at the major achievements resulting from the Special Strategic Partnership between the two countries in the past year.
In 1947, the Ceylon Estate Workers Education Trust (CEWET) was established to encourage students to continue their studies.
The Prime Minister said that every rupee and every resource of the Government of India is dedicated to the welfare of Indians.
As soon as you see it, your disappointment will turn into faith.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the passing away of K. Karunanidhi.
The Prime Minister said that this high-speed train will not only reduce the distance between the two cities, but will also bring people living hundreds of kilometers away closer to each other.
The Prime Minister said the recently announced Ayushman Bharat scheme will transform the health sector.
The treaty will provide the legal framework for the extradition of terrorists, economic offenders and other criminals from Lithuania to India and from India to Lithuania.
Welcoming the members of the delegation, the Prime Minister said that the greatest strength of democracy is harmony and amity.
The continent itself has now become a centre of global economic activity.
A number of aspects emerged that could certainly be of benefit to the students.
India is now moving towards a sweet revolution.
The holy month of Ramzan was celebrated with pious fervour in all distant places of worship.
Prime Minister Modi said, "I will meet President Halimah Yacob of Singapore on 1 June.
The Prime Minister has stressed the importance of innovation and technology for the progress and development of the nation.
School children belonging to Atal Tinkering Labs shared their inventions with the Prime Minister.
On this occasion, the Prime Minister interacted with college students from different parts of the country.
If you put knowledge at the center, you try to incorporate a lot of things into yourself.
My dear brothers and sisters, just yesterday, our countrymen celebrated 'Infantry Day'.
48. Together, we will build an India that is clean, healthy and fulfils the dream of Swaraj.
I assure all possible help from the government.
Badminton star Kidambi Srikanth has made every Indian proud by winning the Denmark Open title with an outstanding performance.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for signing of an Agreement between the Government of Ukraine and India on cooperation in the field of agriculture and food industry.
We are at a time where diamonds are being used in glasses, watches and pens.
There are more than 8 lakh doctors.
A few days ago, we all must remember that ISRO had successfully launched 'GSAT-19'.
As of August this year, 290 million such accounts have been opened in Indian banks.
At the press of a button, the Prime Minister will lay the foundation stone of roads to be built under the Central Road Fund (CRF).
Health and wellness centres are an important part of the Ayushman Bharat scheme to ensure holistic health.
Life goes on that you have got a sense of mission and that is your sense of ambition, is there any synergy happening between your mission and ambition?
The Agreement between the Government of the Republic of India and the Government of the Republic of Armenia on Cooperation and Mutual Assistance in Customs Matters shall be signed on behalf of the Government of India and that the necessary national legal requirements for the entry into force of this Agreement have been met.
This will also increase mutual trust and trade.
But we know that we have restricted democracy to the ballot paper.
It was because of great people like him that India got independence.
He said that organizing such artificial parliaments will increase the spirit of debate among our youth.
I pray for the speedy recovery of the injured.
Significant progress has been made in rural areas under the Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana.
Protocol for Consultations between the Foreign Ministries of the two countries for the period 2019-23
In addition to this network, various universities will be able to carry out specialized research work in these two areas on disaster issues, which will prove to be more relevant.
Chhath Puja is associated with the worship of the sun in rivers and ponds.
"Tributes to Mahatma Phule on his birth anniversary.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will attend the Annual Conference of Directors General of Police at BSF Academy, Tekanpur, Madhya Pradesh, on 7th and 8th January.
Sister Nivedita also cooperated with the great scientist Jagadish Chandra Basu.
India has managed to improve its rating after a long wait.
All major agencies such as the International Monetary Fund, World Bank and Asian Development Bank (ADB) have projected India's growth rate at 7 to 8 per cent in the near future.
It has also started yielding good results.
He said that it is our collective responsibility to save Mother Earth.
We are proud of the decisions we have taken that have further strengthened women's empowerment.
Our past has always been moderately woven inward.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved measures to boost the hydropower sector.
Trade and investment relations between us are getting stronger.
They also exchanged views on their own efforts to contribute to regional and global economic development.
Many congratulations to daughter Shivangi.
I have said before that the combination of your hardware and our software will be tremendous.
On the eve of International Yoga Day, the Prime Minister took to social media to explain the complexities of various yoga asanas.
The Prime Minister said that the freedom struggle became a people's movement due to the efforts of Mahatma Gandhi.
India is moving ahead on all these points towards economic recovery.
Preparation for Security Dialogue to develop a comprehensive action plan on security cooperation.
The procedures for obtaining clearances from various agencies have been simplified.
First of all, many congratulations to all of you for the International Conference on such an important topic as Consumer Protection.
He said that specific targets based on various criteria should be set for these districts in a short time-frame.
This provides a mechanism for capturing rising land prices.
He praised the spirit of the people of Nicobar Islands and their hard work in building the archipelago after the tsunami.
• The cow is considered to be the mother in our country.
The Prime Minister spoke of Mahatma Gandhi's resolve towards cleanliness.
The Prime Minister quoted author Ramvriksh Benipuri and poet Sohanlal Dwivedi to express the mood at that time.
Good health, therefore, refers to a collective effort for individual well-being and the well-being of the environment.
I am happy that today this resolution is being fulfilled.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that banking services through India Post Payments Bank will reach the remotest places and people living there very easily across the country.
The tenth Guru of the Sikhs - Guru Gobind Singh has been a source of inspiration for the people through his teachings and ideals.
He mentioned Chanakya and said that hard work can remove all obstacles and it also helps us to accomplish the most difficult objectives.
From Itanagar, the Prime Minister will return to Guwahati.
The Prime Minister spoke of his visit to the Tsunami Memorial - the Wall of Lost Souls - just before arriving at the ceremony.
In the digital infrastructure sector, 2187 mobile towers have been installed in districts affected by Left Wing Extremism in 2016-17.
He said that only those who respect women can truly take pride in the opening words of Swami Vivekananda's address, "Brothers and Sisters of America."
But I was inspired by the courage, ingenuity and determination of the people to overcome the disaster.
The Prime Minister will release a document highlighting the achievements of the government.
Somnath has 20,000 followers on social media.
The game was played in almost every state.
The Prime Minister urged the players to remember and stay in touch with their gurus, mentors and coaches, and their teachers who have guided them since childhood.
This is my first visit to Indonesia as Prime Minister.
I want to assure that the steps taken by the government are going to put the country in a new league of development in the coming years.
In hockey, India has performed brilliantly to win the Asia Cup hockey title.
The Prime Minister said that there is no dearth of capabilities, capabilities and resources in India.
Now the time has come for all the politicians and political parties to respect the sentiments of the honest citizens of the country, understand the anger of the people.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has welcomed and conveyed his best wishes to all the teams participating in the FIFA U-17 World Cup.
An unexpected number of countries from all over the world joined us.
Cash withdrawals from ATMs and banks have also been capped for a short period of time.
Germany ranks 7th among countries investing in India.
He also asked senior officers of the central government to review the progress on a weekly basis.
Shri Modi said that on humanitarian grounds, five solar and one thousand rupee old notes will be accepted for last rites in government hospitals, medicine shops of government hospitals (with doctor's prescription), railway ticket booking windows, government buses, air ticket booking windows, petrol, diesel and gas stations of public sector oil companies, central or state government-approved consumer cooperative stores, state government-approved milk booths, crematoriums and cemeteries.
On 8th October, we celebrate 'Air Force Day'.
He stressed the importance of positive news for a vibrant and happy country.
He said India is today the fastest growing major economy in the world.
The Prime Minister said that Gurudev Rabindranath Tagore wanted Indian students to progress around the world, but retain their Indianness.
The earth is our mother and we are her sons.
This includes photography and geo-tagging.
The agreement that has just been exchanged will establish this understanding.
We look forward to increasing investment in next-generation infrastructure, including roads, ports, railways, airports, telecommunications, digital networks, and energy.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today held an informal meeting with all Secretaries to the Government of India, senior officials of Ministries.
He popularised India's musical traditions globally.
You have imbibed our culture and made it your own.
They will not be spared.
An amendment to the Arbitration Act will now speed up the arbitration process.
Both sides committed to continue mutual support and coordination in various fora, including in BRICS and ITU.
In search of peace from the stresses of modern life, people often start consuming drugs such as tobacco, alcohol, and even drugs.
I look forward to interacting with the Indian community in Portugal during the visit.
India and Portugal are also strong partners on the international stage.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today attended the centenary year celebrations of Sabarmati Ashram in Gujarat.
India has shown tremendous resilience at a time when the global economy is in a period of uncertainty.
Per capita plastic consumption in India is significantly lower than in many parts of the developed world.
The Prime Minister directed efficient and strict monitoring of the construction and quality of rural roads.
Our brave martyrs have sacrificed their lives.
Today, Mudra Yojana, Start Up India, Stand Up India initiatives are giving birth to our young innovators, young entrepreneurs.
The Prime Minister said, "Congratulations to M. Venkaiah Naidu Garu on being elected the Vice President of India.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted Babu Jagjivan on his birthday.
This in itself is a living example of a changed environment.
I hope this will help us move forward.
Our trees and forests have grown by one per cent in the last 2 years.
Sadly, for too long, we simply referred to the events of 1857 as the Mutiny or the Sepoy Mutiny.
On 26th January, our 'Republic Day' was celebrated by all of us with zeal and enthusiasm in every nook and corner of the country.
The dream of 'Ek Bharat-Shreshtha Bharat' is embedded in it.
He told the medal winners that their performance has made India proud.
During the BRICS Summit in South Africa last year, I experienced his gracious hospitality.
The Prime Minister said steps such as the Pradhan Mantri Surakshit Matritva Abhiyan and Mission Indradhanush have played an important role in reducing mortality.
"A warm welcome and best wishes to all the teams participating in the FIFA U-17 World Cup," the Prime Minister said.
These are also our values.
We are setting up commercial courts and commercial divisions so that commercial matters can be settled at the earliest.
It is not possible if the family in the family always denies the child and expects the neighbourhood to respect the child.
India is going through many major changes today.
In June 2015, I had the opportunity to welcome you in India.
He also congratulated those who have allowed their land around the temple to be authorised for the project.
Somewhere there is a story of an innovation regarding cleanliness or news of a change brought about by an officer's passion.
He said that areas near the sea can become the epicentre of our Blue Revolution.
Independent India has sent a large number of UN peacekeepers all over the world.
He appreciated the officers who have been instrumental in this change.
The Prime Minister also met representatives of the Ceylon Workers' Congress and the Tamil Progressive Alliance.
India has had strong strategic ties with all three countries.
Cars manufactured in India by Japanese carmakers are already on sale in Japan.
India's economic growth rate in the financial year 2018-19 is estimated to be 7. 4 per cent.
It was a war in which India was not directly involved, yet only for the sake of peace our soldiers fought all over the world.
Recently, the Government of India has standardized the specifications for the rolling stock and signal system of metro rail.
Our discussions covered all aspects of the bilateral relationship.
1.25 billion Indians look forward to welcoming the leaders of ASEAN countries as our chief guests at India's 69th Republic Day celebrations.
The Prime Minister will inaugurate the newly constructed Madan Mohan Malviya Cancer Centre of Banaras Hindu University.
These hospitals will provide affordable cancer treatment to patients from neighbouring countries like Uttar Pradesh, Jharkhand, Bihar, Uttarakhand and Nepal.
Fifty cities in India are ready for implementation of metro rail projects.
Excellencies, We appreciate your vision and leadership in taking our country out of the crisis and on the path to economic prosperity.
Today, cross-border transactions are steadily increasing due to e-commerce and increasing trans-border mobility of people.
The Prime Minister said that when India was not independent, the importance of India's heritage and knowledge wealth like yoga and Ayurveda was reduced.
Bilateral cooperation in the food processing sector between India and Japan will mutually benefit the food processing sector of both countries.
Congratulations to our Junior Hockey Team on winning the Junior Hockey World Cup.
Thank you, Nandri.
The proposed bill will ensure greater transparency in the government's nomination of workers' representatives to tripartite faculties.
Today, sugarcane farmers will be happy that our ethanol production has tripled.
The Prime Minister said that he wants to warn the country that some elements are trying to create undue pressure on the judiciary.
On the arrival of the first inter-country container ship at Varanasi, the Prime Minister said that eastern Uttar Pradesh is now connected to the Bay of Bengal by waterways.
During the last two years, in 2014 and 2016, we facilitated the smooth repatriation of over 90,000 Indian nationals from about 54 countries.
The heroes of London's India House, including Savarkar, celebrated its 50th anniversary with fanfare.
He said that as a result of these programmes, India has jumped 42 places in the Ease of Doing Business rankings in the last 4 years.
We are with the bereaved families.
And ultimately there has to be greater international coordination to deal with disasters.
Stable, predictable, and transparent laws and regulations are redefining the nature of doing business in India.
Drug regulation and drug quality control;
His death was saddening.
This is the seventh in a series of interactions of the Prime Minister through video conference with various beneficiaries of government schemes.
The presentation on 'Energy and Environment' included suggestions related to various energy sources and energy efficiency.
The choices we have today will define our collective future.
In 2015, the Indian economy grew faster than many major economies.
Strategic decisions are taken not only in the battlefield, but also in the factories of the defence manufacturing industries.
People will now be empowered through smartphones and digital devices with the aim of making financial services accessible to them.
During the last two years, we have moved from a corporate perspective towards a lower tax rate regime.
It has the power to change the weather of the entire country.
Our thoughts and prayers are with the victims and their families.
The two leaders exchanged views on their respective visions on foreign policy for achieving global prosperity and security.
In this regard, he talked about India's digital infrastructure and its interfaces including Aadhaar, UPI, e-NAM, and GeM.
Consequences of convening the budget session
We salute the courage of the Indian Army and their invaluable services.
His father is a labourer while his mother works as a fish vendor.
Earlier this year, he was awarded the 'Padma Shri'.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today laid the foundation stone of several development projects of the Government of India and the Government of Jharkhand, at a function in Sindri.
The whole year has been hard work, now the opportunity has come to tell, this should be the festival of such enthusiasm.
Three years ago, you gave me the responsibility of Principal Servant.
Because Indonesia, the country with the largest Muslim population in the world, stands for democracy, diversity, pluralism, and social harmony.
We noted that President Temer's priority includes reviving the domestic economic agenda in Brazil.
This payment was ensured to the farmers through sugar mills.
He appreciated the participation of cities in challenging tasks.
The Prime Minister will address the gathering, which will include farmers, scientists, entrepreneurs, students, government officials and public representatives.
India has emerged as a bright spot in the global economy, providing new impetus to growth at the global level as well.
When there is such a big event, thousands of players from all over the world are participating in it, can you imagine what the atmosphere will be like?
We will also interact with the BRICS Business Council, hosted by industry leaders from all five countries.
If we talk about the three years of this government, more than 22 thousand MW of new renewable energy capacity has been connected to the grid power.
We are already the fifth largest producer of solar energy in the world.
It is the responsibility of all of us countrymen to keep historical heritages safe and clean.
The Prime Minister said that various schemes of the government like Swachh Bharat have given a boost to tourism in the country.
The exam itself should be a joyous occasion.
Our bilateral defence cooperation is based on strong mutual trust.
Both these places are visited by a large number of pilgrims every year.
A list of 26 islands has been prepared for overall development.
Rather, it should strive to achieve the real goal of bringing about social and economic change.
He said that the recommendations of these sub-groups have been incorporated by various Central Government Ministries.
In such a situation, the eyes of the world are fixed on India and yoga for a permanent solution to these problems.
A memorandum was sent on behalf of the Chief Minister of Mizoram, who could not attend the meeting in person.
Under this mission, an insurance cover of up to ₹5 lakh per family per year will be provided for hospitalization in the second and third phases.
All these are aimed at bringing about sweeping changes in the country and paving the way for the creation of a 'New India'.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today spoke about the benefits of the PM-SYM scheme.
Space technology will connect with the lives of our people in this region.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed the nation from the ramparts of the Red Fort, on the 71st Independence Day.
He said that the efforts of the Indian diaspora have ensured respect for Indian passports everywhere.
Noting the cultural significance of Jallikattu, the Prime Minister said that the matter is currently sub judice.
Any accumulation of waste or dirt within the four walls of these places is considered impure.
I welcome Brazilian companies to come and invest in India and become long-term commercial partners.
Even our ancient texts emphasize the importance of personal hygiene.
All this will affect the demand for energy.
He said that Lok Adalats can play a major role in expeditious disposal of cases pending with the judiciary.
If possible, we elders of the family also go out in the open and play with these children.
The Prime Minister said, "Today, Jan-Dhan Yojana completes three years.
In Singapore, I will focus on enhancing India-Singapore partnership in the areas of fintech, skill development, urban planning, and artificial intelligence.
All our players gave their best and played very well.
This is not the criterion of your life.
Both sides expressed satisfaction at the long-standing cooperation between Indian and Russian scientists in the Antarctic.
The central government will release an immediate financial assistance of ₹325 crore to Kerala, Tamil Nadu and Lakshadweep.
Our defence scientists have also made India proud.
Otherwise, the kitchen budget of the common citizen of the country would have increased a lot had inflation continued to rise at the same pace as it was in the previous government.
Swachh Bharat Abhiyan is an initiative in this direction.
He said that the happiness of the beneficiaries, who were involved in today's presentation, was evident to the crowd present here today.
We aim to take a giant leap forward in the maritime economy through the Blue Revolution.
My Government's Act East Policy places the region at the heart of cooperation.
And so together we will build an India where the poor have a pucca house, electricity, water.
We remember with pride the sacrifice of our army.
He hoped that the government would soon achieve the target of 100% rural road connectivity.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the loss of lives due to a bus accident in Mandya, Karnataka.
There they will unveil a plaque to mark the launch of certain features for visitors.
Regional multilateralism through institutions such as the AIIB can play a significant role in helping mobilize the necessary resources.
This will deliver clean fuels (PNG) to homes, industries, and commercial units.
Today, we remember and salute their courage.
Thereafter, he witnessed an audio-visual presentation of the experiences picked up by the selected beneficiaries of the welfare schemes of the Government of India and Rajasthan.
He successfully placed 104 satellites in space through a single rocket launch.
In this context, the Prime Minister drew attention to the International Solar Alliance and said that India and France are working together in this direction.
Society and the family need to pay attention to this.
He also addressed a public meeting at Luangsangbam.
India's economic interests can be better served by the large number of arbitration experts and lawyers available.
But having the opportunity to talk to you is an even greater honor.
The boost to the rural economy through this revolution will further strengthen the Indian economy.
Addressing a public meeting, the Prime Minister described water as a gift from nature.
"I bow to Guru Ravidass Ji on the special occasion of Guru Ravidass Jayanti.
Today, our fishermen take small boats to the sea.
They want to be reassured that the rules will not be changed arbitrarily overnight.
Addressing a huge crowd in Ahmedabad, Prime Minister Narendra Modi spoke of the high ambition and willpower of a "New India."
'Sabka Saath, Sabka Vikas' can be our guiding light for cooperation and actions in South Asia.
He later addressed a huge public meeting at a function organised to dedicate the Kochi Metro to the nation.
In fact, it was the third largest source of foreign direct investment during the last three years.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister congratulated the recipients of the prestigious Gandhi Peace Prize.
It is, therefore, the endeavour of the government to ensure subsidised healthcare to every citizen.
The government has taken several steps to increase investment.
The Prime Minister inaugurated the Wall of Unity.
We are also working tirelessly with mutual cooperation to mainstream solar energy as an international solar alliance.
The situation is being closely monitored.
The Prime Minister will also release the blueprint of the Harit Rameswaram project.
Who does not know the struggle for the independence of Bangladesh in 1971.
We have a mutual desire for a strong strategic partnership.
The Prime Minister said that India considers Israel an important partner in our path to sustained high growth and inclusive development.
He said that through this conference, the top police officers get a holistic view in understanding the problems and challenges.
Our efforts are showing results in terms of economic growth and development.
Referring to the honesty shown by the Bohra community in business, the Prime Minister said that the government encourages honest traders and workers through GST, the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code.
He had the power and intelligence to show the British rulers the mirror of their mistakes.
India will fully support their efforts in this direction.
I am pleased with the large participation of energy ministers, heads of international organizations and CEOs from oil producing and consuming countries.
India will emerge as a global leader on the strength of cutting-edge technology and skilled manpower.
Best wishes to all of you countrymen on all these festivals.
This law will play an effective role in curbing cases of crime against women and girls.
He stressed that 'We, the People', that is, we the people, must also act in accordance with the expectations that our guardian - the Constitution - has for us.
Our security forces have been given full freedom.
6 labour and 3 environmental laws have been changed so that young entrepreneurs are now only required to provide self-attested documents.
I pray to God for the recovery of all those injured due to the train accident.
Referring to technology, the Prime Minister requested assistance in areas where technical applications involving high pressure and high temperature are considered relevant for commercial exploitation of natural gas.
Both sides emphasised the importance of continuing the multilateral dialogue on the subject within the framework of the East Asia Summits and other regional forums.
Our beloved leader, the former Prime Minister of our country, Shri Atal Bihari Vajpayee ji, had clearly said that human rights are not an alien concept to us.
Driven by the patience and determination of 1.25 billion countrymen, this Shuddhi Yagna will play an important role in setting the direction of the country for many years to come.
It was during his tenure that the timing of the presentation of the budget was changed.
Go ahead with this mantra.
As soon as this campaign is launched, people are invited to send letters and messages to the armed forces.
He stressed that the government is committed to a better life for senior citizens.
He said that Adi Shankaracharya united India through the Vedas and the Upanishads.
57 teams of NDRF, including 1,300 personnel and 435 boats, have been engaged in search and rescue operations.
Here on this occasion, I would like to specifically tell my colleagues from other countries about the Give-it-Up scheme.
These are some examples of improvements.
He has carried forward this movement with great purity.
Our parents insist on focusing on studies and academics even today.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the people of Jharkhand, on their Statehood Day.
And last year was also the silver jubilee of our diplomatic relations.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today attended the centenary celebrations of the Karnataka Lingayat Education Society, in Belagavi.
Further, as per the new law, any application challenging the judgment will be disposed of by the court within a year.
In terms of scale of operations and high value addition, an investor is also attracted by the huge domestic market, availability of skilled workers, and better physical infrastructure.
They also agreed to broaden their efforts to further develop existing linkages through already established mechanisms to create the largest possible platform for future relations.
36 industries have been taken out of the ambit of environmental clearance requirement.
Satyagraha movement was first started in Champaran 100 years ago in 1917 under the leadership of Mahatma Gandhi.
It showed how historically the people of India and ASEAN are interconnected.
The Prime Minister said that it is our endeavour to start development work while preserving the environment and local culture.
The Prime Minister said that postmen have long been a respected and accepted figure in villages.
The Prime Minister will also visit an exhibition at Rajpath Lawns on the occasion.
In the movement of the freedom struggle, every sector of the society, every section of the people dedicated themselves to the call of Mahatma Gandhi.
This is his third Super Series Premiere title after Indonesia Open and Australia Open.
The Prime Minister also mentioned the benefits that have been made possible in the state due to various schemes such as Jan Dhan Yojana, Mudra Yojana, Ujjwala Yojana, Crop Insurance Scheme, and Saubhagya.
Responding to a question on climate change, the Prime Minister reiterated India's timeless values for nature conservation and conservation.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister presented the event as an example of Indian traditions.
The Prime Minister said that spiritual institutions in India have been centres of spread of social reform.
He said that the effort to transform the tourism sector is a continuous effort.
You're right.
The delegation interacted with the Prime Minister on topics such as women entrepreneurship and women empowerment.
Friends, Yoga has shown the world the path of wellness from illness.
He will address a public meeting.
These, as well as other changes, have received the attention of the global community.
This change led to two significant changes in Indian politics.
The delegation strongly supported the Prime Minister's goal of making India a $5 trillion economy in the near future.
In that interview, Field Marshal Manekshaw was recalling the time when he was a colonel.
India exports fish and fish products to about 95 countries.
18. It will be aligned with the proposed National Health Protection Mission under Ayushman Bharat.
Interacting with them, the Prime Minister briefed them about the steps taken by the Union Government towards improving connectivity and infrastructure in the state.
In his message, he said, I pay homage to Loknayak Jayaprakash Narayan on his birth anniversary.
These brave sons of ours kept night and day together so that the countrymen could sleep peacefully.
The Prime Minister described the traditional, cultural, trust and friendly relations between India and Israel.
If we practice asanas and pranayama regularly, we can maintain good health as well as protect ourselves from many diseases.
Even microplastics are now making their way into our basic food like salt, bottled water, and tap water.
Dr. Ram Manohar Lohia had even talked about mass awareness to ensure better income, better irrigation facilities and all that for our farmers and to increase food and milk production.
India has been home to many ascetics who served and reformed society.
My dear countrymen, in 'Mann Ki Baat', we talk about individuals and institutions who are doing some extraordinary work for the society.
The memorial also has 24 frescoes depicting various events and stories from the historic 1930 Salt March.
He noted with great concern the growing threat of terrorism and violent extremism and its universal reach.
Honey is a gift from nature to humans.
Electricity reached every village of the country.
Regular yoga has a direct impact on any family's medical expenses.
The Prime Minister credited Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath for coming to Noida and ending the superstition associated with the city.
The objective of this approval is to ensure that doctors of Central Health Service (CHS) and other Ministries / Departments / Central Government Institutions work exclusively in areas of specialization on attaining the age of 62 years.
He dedicated to the nation, inaugurated or laid the foundation stone of various development projects in Rae Bareli.
On the energy front, we are now the fifth largest producer of renewable energy in the world.
Maharashtra, one of the largest states in the country, has also made effective plans for this at its own level.
The Prime Minister appreciated the close mutual cooperation in areas such as investment, urban development, civil aviation, and skill development.
Issues of trade, investment, connectivity, youth and cultural exchange were discussed.
The Prime Minister released the Mission Action Plan document for Narmada Pravah - Narmada River.
There is a huge need for roads, railways and waterways.
Chief Ministers and senior officials of these states were also present in the meetings.
In this event, apart from 13 medals, we won 3 more medals in the mix event.
A small tea seller, today you will be surprised to know that education is shining in the lives of more than 70 children.
The Prime Minister said, "It gives me immense pleasure to join the closing ceremony of the Narmada Seva Yatra at Amarkantak in Madhya Pradesh tomorrow afternoon.
I was reading an old interview of Sam Manekshaw, a great military officer of India.
You will also know how many administrative and financial steps the government has to take in the construction of highways.
The Prime Minister inaugurated the Integrated Power Development Scheme (IPDS) for Old Kashi and the Atal Incubation Centre at Banaras Hindu University.
He said that women now have a huge opportunity to earn extra income as the time spent in the kitchen has come down.
New systems are born.
Today, in the 22nd meeting, the Prime Minister reviewed the progress towards resolution and resolution of grievances related to the banking sector.
It ensured that crores of Indians were brought under the umbrella of 'One Nation and One Constitution'.
Later, the Prime Minister inaugurated the Patanjali Research Institute in Haridwar district.
But the rain is waiting.
My thoughts and prayers are with the people of Tamil Nadu in this hour of grief.
I have always found meeting you very useful.
He said the Tarakot route will provide an alternate route to Mata Vaishno Devi Shrine, which will facilitate pilgrims.
This shows that international bilateral cooperation is no longer limited to national capitals, but has now expanded to the capitals of our states.
New laws have been made, old laws have been made more stringent.
I want to congratulate all the players who have won medals for the country.
The Prime Minister said that emphasis has been laid on working at a fast pace on better infrastructure and emotional connect for the entire North Eastern Region.
He called on the people of Pakistan to ask their rulers to fight against corruption and counterfeit notes.
The Prime Minister conveyed his best wishes to Dr. Mohammed for the progress and prosperity of the people of Malaysia.
The International Conference of Saurashtra Patel Cultural Society is being held in California, USA this year.
He was committed to eradicating injustice and inequality from society.
Therefore, the Swachh Bharat Mission - the quest for a Swachh Bharat - is linked to beliefs and spirituality in our country.
Two days later, along with Pujya Bapu, we will also celebrate Shastriji's birth anniversary.
Together, we will build an India where youth and women will have ample opportunities to fulfil their dreams.
The poison of casteism, the poison of sectarianism, can never do good to the country.
National flags of several countries were hoisted there simultaneously.
From my experience, we have to rely on people's leadership to achieve better results.
Both sides underscored the importance of enhancing cooperation in the aluminium sector.
It was a constant act of demeaning our culture and making us feel inferior.
The committee has also appreciated the steps taken by the Prime Minister to make the government machinery corruption-free through demonetisation and anti-corruption measures.
The Prime Minister said that these steps have greatly benefited not only the poor but also the middle class.
With the resolve of 125 crore countrymen, for the sake of 125 crore countrymen, with the sacrifice and austerity of 125 crore countrymen and we know what is the power of collectivity.
During the last three years, everyone has made efforts in their own way towards water conservation and water management.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the people on World Health Day.
If children in our family are also interested in sports, they should be given opportunities.
But the situation in most of the houses is that the umpires are more disturbed than the players.
The Prime Minister said that the work of social service should be a matter of pride for all.
We need to make full use of these capabilities.
His courage in the face of adversity and his constant resistance to imperialism can never be forgotten.
Acknowledging the congratulations of the Anganwadi workers, the Prime Minister expressed happiness that they have come from all parts of the country to meet him.
He said that we also need to value living in harmony with nature and we should not think of short-term benefits.
Every year, an average of ₹32,000 crore has been spent on water conservation and water management, excluding the MGNREGA budget.
The Indian community in Portugal has been instrumental in deepening our bilateral relations.
In this context, we have outlined a ten-point agenda for renewing our efforts towards disaster risk reduction, which are as follows:
He said that a few months ago, a national strategy has been prepared to create a strong infrastructure for research in artificial intelligence.
The Prime Minister assured him of India's full and constructive support in the discharge of his new responsibilities.
The Prime Minister said that the Ayushman Bharat scheme is a completely new interconnected system that will help create a healthy India.
This month, Vedangi Kulkarni, a 20-year-old daughter from Pune, became the fastest Asian to cycle around the world.
The Prime Minister inaugurated the first phase of River Front Development in Patna.
Several events are being held across the country to commemorate the 150th birth anniversary year of Mahatma Gandhi.
The exhibition showcases more than a hundred good practices and imitations.
"Warm greetings to all soldiers, veterans and their families on Army Day.
The world today is also grappling with the twin challenges of terrorism and climate change.
India and Cyprus share the same objective of early reform of the UN Security Council.
Diwali will be celebrated with a lot of joy for all of you.
"We are constantly trying to simplify processes for small businesses.
A mutually supportive relationship has to be built between producers and consumers if the world is to develop as a whole.
We are giving loans to small enterprises without any collateral or guarantee.
This monsoon session of Parliament will always be remembered as a session of social justice and youth welfare.
This is Prime Minister Modi's second bilateral visit to Germany.
Therefore, the Swachh Iconic Places project has now been included in the Swachh Bharat Mission to tackle this problem.
He said that inspired by Mahatma Gandhi, Indians have made Swachh Bharat Mission the world's largest mass movement.
In fact, the incident was not only underestimated but was also an attempt to hurt our self-esteem.
The first requirement for a healthy life is cleanliness.
In many parts of the country, our jawans and farmers had stood up in protest against injustice, showing their bravery.
The Prime Minister referred to the 'Jan Dhan Yojana' and said that the poor now have access to banking services.
The Prime Minister said that IIT Bhubaneswar will give impetus to the industrial development of Odisha and work towards using technology to improve the quality of life of the people.
These are some of the questions I want to leave to you to answer.
Secretary Carton briefed the Prime Minister on the decisions taken in June this year and the progress made towards the discussions.
Immediately after Diwali, our country has witnessed the historic Shuddhi Yajna.
But whenever I look at the impact of 'Mann Ki Baat', I firmly believe that 'Mann Ki Baat' is 100 per cent connected with the people of this country.
He was appointed a permanent judge of the Gauhati High Court on 28 February 2001.
This is not only the highest ever FDI but also the highest ever increase in India's FDI.
Through the interaction, the farmers will get an opportunity to meet the Prime Minister.
More than 16,000 km of gas pipeline has been constructed and an additional 11,000 km is under construction.
He said the national highway network in Uttar Pradesh has almost doubled in four years.
And in that very first meeting of ours, I had experienced his enthusiasm and affection for India.
The award will be given for exceptional efforts towards furthering national integration.
Inspired by this sacrifice, the people extended their hand in service.
We are also working together on UN Security Council reforms.
The whole country was worried about how to save Tommy.
Shriman Gurbachan Singh Ji's family has given us one such example.
I urge all of you to also participate in this celebration of 'Run for Unity' mutual goodwill.
Soundarya Lahari is a collection of shlokas compiled by Adi Shankaracharya.
He said the central government has decided that the minimum support price (MSP) for all scheduled crops will be at least 1.5 times the cost.
It is very natural for everyone to be proud of this great tradition of India.
To create world-class universities in the field of education, we have taken a major step towards freedom from shackles.
During the last two-and-a-half years, over Rs 1.25 lakh crore of black money was brought into the open.
The two leaders expressed confidence that the strong partnership between India and the United States will continue to be an important factor in global peace and prosperity.
He stressed that poor people should also benefit from quality and affordable healthcare.
In November last year, India hosted the first ever South Asian Annual Disaster Management Exercise.
In their interaction with the Prime Minister, the beneficiaries of the Jan Aushadhi Project expressed happiness at getting quality medicines from the Jan Aushadhi Kendras.
5 companies of BSF, CISF, RAF have been deployed for relief and rescue work in the state.
Therefore, the gems and jewellery sector is the biggest example of the potential of 'Make in India' and 'Skill India'.
In India, if we compare the effects of cyclones in 1999 and 2013, the effects will be visible.
They collectively believed that a peaceful, stable and balanced relationship between India and China would prove to be a positive factor amid the prevailing global uncertainty.
They want political stability and a supportive regulatory regime to ensure the protection of their investments.
The Indian delegation led by Shri Suresh Prabhu, Minister of Commerce & Industry and Civil Aviation participated in the Eastern Economic Forum in September 2018.
The two leaders will also make their statements to the media.
He changed the fate of not only himself but also of his region through organised efforts.
This is in addition to the amount of ₹100 crore announced by the Home Minister on 12 August 2018.
There are more challenges ahead.
The Prime Minister said that the Constitution has been a guardian for us.
The government is also emphasizing on how to bring more foreign capital to India.
Dear countrymen, 1st February 2017 marks the completion of 40 years of the Indian Coast Guard.
Guru Nanak Dev Ji is not only the first Guru of the Sikhs but he is also the Jagat-Guru.
"We are very proud of our youth.
All these great men toured India extensively.
Only recently did we proceed with the formalization of the law.
Similarly, on 25 December, the death of Sulagitti Narasamma of Karnataka was reported.
Kochi was selected as a smart city in January 2016 under the first round of the challenge process.
At the same time, India is a large milk-producing country.
The 'BHIM-Aadhaar App' remains a marvel for digital transactions within the world.
Together, the two countries are contributing to creating a more connected and wider world than ever before.
Brazil is one of our most important economic partners in Latin America.
He said that the government is giving a lot of importance to innovation and research.
Start-ups are exempt from paying income tax for 3 years.
Now a lot of positive change is being seen in the society regarding digital transactions as well.
He appreciated the security equipment being used in the security of the country.
Kochi ranks first in terms of the number of domestic and international tourists visiting Kerala.
4. Rules for exchange of medicines, medical devices and information.
DD Arun Prabha will be the 24th channel run by Doordarshan.
The entire ambience is enveloped by the sacred fragrance.
He was a source of inspiration for activists like me.
There is no dearth of talent in the country.
Under PMGSY, 88 per cent of the residential areas are now connected to rural roads.
He exhorted the states to give fresh ideas to the Finance Commission to encourage outcome-based allocations and expenditure reform.
This railway line will prove to be Tripura's gateway to South and Southeast Asia.
He said Gurudev Rabindranath Tagore is as much from Bangladesh as he is from India.
The Prime Minister is in constant touch with the Chief Minister regarding the situation arising out of the floods.
I congratulate Bilal Dar very much.
The Prime Minister also greeted children on the occasion of Vishwakarma Jayanti and said that it is important to learn a variety of skills.
Yoga can prove to be a strong pillar for a lifestyle of discipline and development.
We aspire for peace and prosperity for all.
I express my special gratitude to the administration, governance and people of these five states for fulfilling this task.
Congratulations to ISRO on the successful launch of India's heaviest, largest and most advanced communication satellite - GSAT-11. "
The Prime Minister said that this bridge will bring a positive change in the lives of common people.
It is estimated that between 1 and 1.5 lakh knee transplants take place in India each year.
He said Vietnam is an important pillar of India's' Act East 'policy.
The Japanese people have led the world in the field of sustainable development.
We have abolished the Foreign Investment Promotion Board.
The sale of Khadi gift coupons has registered a growth of around 680% during Diwali.
Unusual because Swati and Nidhi were serving Maa-Bharati when her husband was martyred.
All the best to you for today's contest.
Keeping this in mind, the central government is also running the Sagarmala program.
The Food Safety and Standards Authority of India strives to ensure that food processed in India meets international standards.
Our festivals also teach us social values.
Friends, This is the first conference of its kind in this part of the country.
The AMRUT Mission also covers 33 cities in Tamil Nadu.
Dr. Abdul Kalam worked throughout his life to realize the dream of a developed India.
He said that all the villages located on the banks of the river Ganga have become open defecation free.
My best wishes to the countrymen on this holy festival of Ram Navami.
I hope these plastics will continue the exemplary work of curbing pollution.
The Prime Minister said that the common man can associate himself with Adi Shankaracharya's creation - Soundarya Lahari.
Ambitious goals that include key health indicators and others are driving performance.
The award is given by the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO).
Ekta has won Gold and Bronze medals at the World Para Athletics Grand Prix 2018 in Tunisia.
He has also pledged to get his only son to join the CRPF.
Today, solar energy is gaining popularity in India.
In addition, we have deregulated the prices of petrol and diesel.
And so the biggest drug for memory recall, if any, is relaxation.
The Prime Minister mentioned his visit to the Cellular Jail and the point where Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose had unfurled the tricolour 75 years ago.
Shri Modi said that medicines are being available at Jan Aushadhi Kendras at 50-90% lower prices than the market rates.
My dear countrymen, next month, I will be among you again for the next 'Mann Ki Baat'.
Knowledgeable people have been respected for centuries since the time of the Upanishads.
He said that Krishi Vigyan Kendras will also play an important role in this direction.
BHIM stands for Bharat Interface for Money.
The project is also an example of eco-friendly development.
He said that the deep and mutually beneficial relationship between India and Malaysia is based on shared values, interests and strong vibrant people-to-people contacts.
Today, India is the fastest growing large economy in the world.
In a way, the whole of India received his blessings.
India is one of the most investor-friendly economies in the world.
You must have heard a lot about Kumbh.
7. Availability of health equipment and medicinal products.
The Prime Minister said that India has to make the best arrangements in the port sector if it is to make a place for itself in global trade.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Finland on Environmental Contribution.
There is no dearth of talented lawyers and judges in India.
Members of the Club de Chef de Chef (CCC), the chefs' club of heads of state from around the world, called on the Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today inaugurated the state-of-the-art super-specialty Rasilaben Sevantilal Shah Venus Hospital in Surat.
The month-long expedition will cover the distance from Haridwar to Patna through river rafting.
Now some more important decisions have also been taken in the interest of farmer brothers.
Referring to the 10 per cent reservation for the general category poor, the Prime Minister said it was a step in the right direction.
Everyone says this, but do we have any responsibility?
He said that under the Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana, a massive campaign is underway to provide a permanent house to the poor in cities and villages.
He welcomed the celebration of 2017 as the India-UK Year of Culture.
He had also released a commemorative postage stamp on the occasion.
He gave a variety of examples in his reply with a spot counter.
Don't let this opportunity pass you by, friends.
He encouraged the jawans to do new things so that their routine tasks and duties become easier and safer.
This, he said, would eliminate middlemen and save the government.
Today, these diseases are known as lifestyle disorders.
It will have separate programmes on village development, poor welfare and social justice across India.
Today, hundreds of poor patients are benefiting from this camp every month.
The former President of India, Shri Abdul Kalam ji always talked about Nanaji Deshmukh's rural development when he spoke to the youth.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, on Wednesday met and interacted with a group of 80 Additional Secretaries and Joint Secretaries serving in the Government of India.
Sister Nivedita and scientist Jagdish Chandra Basu are strong examples of this.
During a public meeting, he flagged off the 900th coach and a Humsafar rake.
Every assistance is being provided to the state government to deal with this crisis.
I pray for the speedy recovery of those injured in the Mandi district of Himachal Pradesh.
In India, we are increasing connectivity at all levels.
Through Jan-Dhan Yojana, social security schemes, Mudra and Stand-Up India, we have given wings to millions of aspirations.
It offers a panoramic view of the Sardar Sarovar Dam, its reservoir, and the Satpura and Vindhya mountain ranges.
The Prime Minister will also inaugurate the Homi Bhabha Cancer Hospital Lahartara.
The Prime Minister will address a public meeting at Dharamshala in Kangra district.
Its state-of-the-art facilities will cater to the healthcare needs of the region.
The Prime Minister said that about 12 crore farmers are likely to benefit from the PM-KISAN scheme.
This can only happen if long-term investments are made in the business to create job opportunities and sustainable economic growth.
Training for employment and self-employment is being imparted with an aim to meet the aspirations of the youth for a better life.
What goals can the gems and jewellery industry set for itself by this date?
Brothers and sisters, Today our country is full of food grains.
President Xi and I will exchange views on a range of issues of bilateral and global importance.
The Prime Minister said that one-fourth of the world's 500 largest companies are in the public sector in one country or another.
I once again had the privilege of celebrating Diwali with our Jawans security forces deployed along the border.
I am excited to lead the Indian delegation to attend our first ever meeting of the Council as a full member.
Remembering Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose, the Prime Minister said that on Netaji's call, many young people of Andaman had dedicated themselves to India's independence.
He reiterated India's commitment to a strong and robust bilateral policy partnership with the United States.
I see immense potential for investors that has not yet been tapped.
We have focused on removing the barriers that were preventing us from achieving our full potential.
I want to see this kind of reading and library movement all over the country.
He expressed happiness that the states are now organizing investor conferences.
The new Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code will make it easier for investors to exit their businesses.
One has to go out of the house for the first time, out of the village, out of a protective environment and become one's own charioteer.
There has always been a place for every positive change in our country.
The Prime Minister congratulated the crew on the success of the mission.
I begin by congratulating NITI Aayog for hosting this global conference.
Our understanding and awareness of other traditions and cultures of the country increases when a work like Encyclopedia of Hinduism is made available in different languages.
The Prime Minister said that today, farmers buy in retail, but sell in bulk.
Arbitration proceedings will now be faster, as the Arbitration Act has been amended.
I will go to Haifa today to pay homage to our brave soldiers.
On the occasion of Gandhi Jayanti, 2nd October, 2018, the Prime Minister's programmes will focus on events related to sanitation and renewable energy.
He appealed to all present to work towards 100% sanitation coverage by Mahatma Gandhi's 150th birth anniversary, 2nd October, 2019.
The total sales of Khadi and handicrafts have also seen an increase of about 90% this year from the previous year.
He said that the drastic reduction in piracy in the Indian Ocean is largely due to Indian military might and our international partnership.
Cyprus is the eighth-largest investor in India.
With the inauguration of these two cancer hospitals, Varanasi will become an important centre for better treatment of cancer-related diseases.
In today's chaotic and fast-paced life, yoga brings peace to one's life by connecting the mind, body, and intellect.
He was an effective voice for the aspirations of Karnataka in Delhi.
197 million bank accounts were opened in a year.
This is how he brought our beloved tricolour closer to the masses.
He said that we have to move towards transparent and flexible markets for both oil and gas.
"We have taken a major step to provide education facilities in higher educational, technical and professional institutions besides providing reservation for the general category poor," the Prime Minister said.
Even though India did not win the title, the young players of India won everyone's heart.
This has liberated rural women from the tragedy of toxic fumes.
And I hope that Tamil Nadu will also not lag behind any other state in this race, and will keep pushing and moving forward.
Shri Modi will unveil the plaque to mark the service for the 3 billionth meal by Akshaya Patra Foundation at Vrindavan Chandrodaya Temple.
The name of the selected bank will be released as a co-brand on the Kochi Metro fare card and app.
The Russian side offered expertise in tax-collection with the help of satellite-based technologies, taking into account joint projects in India, incorporating the framework of the industrial corridor mentioned above.
In his message, the Prime Minister said, "Saddened by the loss of lives and destruction caused by the tsunami following the eruption of a volcano in Indonesia.
He recalled India's commitment to generate 175 GW of energy from renewable sources by 2022.
The Prime Minister will address the centenary celebrations of Patna University.
The emphasis was on women's empowerment and respect for women.
The Prime Minister appreciated the efforts of the state government, and all other agencies involved in dealing with the flood situation so far.
The Special Notified Zone at Bharat Diamond Bourse has come into existence with effect from November, 2015.
Prime Minister Modi said that several schemes have been implemented to provide social security to workers in the unorganized sector during old age such as Ayushman Bharat for health coverage, Pradhan Mantri Jeevan Jyoti Bima Yojana for life insurance and Pradhan Mantri Suraksha Bima Yojana for physical disability.
He said that with better connectivity in the Northeast, the region will also be connected to the economy of Southeast Asia.
The alliance of Made in India and Made by Japan has already started working brilliantly.
The leaders discussed regional and global issues.
But if something outside of what you had dealt with came up, a question outside of what you had prepared, you would come down right down.
The Prime Minister asked to speed up the work related to the redevelopment of railway stations and do constructive work in the field of non-fare revenue.
The Prime Minister will offer prayers in front of the 'Statue of Unity'.
These bravehearts sacrificed themselves in the defence of 1.25 billion of us Indians.
This month of October is the month to remember so many of our great men.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and United Kingdom on cooperation in the field of law and justice and setting up of a Joint Consultative Committee.
No civilized society can tolerate any kind of injustice against the women power of the country.
My condolences to the families of the deceased.
The government has set a target to expand piped natural gas to 10 million households in the next five years.
Taking the lead in this campaign, the Prime Minister has shared a special video on social media, appealing to the people to send a message to the brave jawans of our armed forces.
The single window support cell provides support to foreign investors.
These include:
With the inauguration of the Statue of Unity, India has given itself a huge inspiration for the future today.
He called upon the children to study hard and develop interest in sports at the same time.
During the interaction, the Prime Minister highlighted the immense potential for cooperation between the two countries in the areas of energy security and food security.
We have done good work in the field of wildlife conservation.
You can enjoy a stay in the spiritual city of Rishikesh and the divine environs of Parmarth Niketan.
We are a young country.
Under the Integrated Horticulture Development Campaign, support will be provided to farmers for re-sowing of horticultural crops that have been damaged.
MGNREGA, which is funded by the Government of India for water conservation and water management, has been well received by some.
We now count among the most open countries in terms of foreign direct investment (FDI).
Schemes like Mudra Yojana, Jan Dhan Yojana and Stand Up India are helping in better financial inclusion, the Prime Minister said.
Once the project is commissioned, the customs administration of both countries will commit to take it forward.
This figure is also showing the enthusiasm and inclination of the youth of Tamil Nadu towards self-employment.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister congratulated the gathering for celebrating Dhanwantari Jayanti as Ayurveda Day.
7. Any other area of cooperation on the basis of mutual decision.
Shape our partnership and reconciliation in a way that ultimately contributes to the progress of all Indians and all Sri Lankans, and touches your lives as well.
Several important bills benefiting the youth and backward communities were passed in this session.
At any time other than farming, he can also earn by selling electricity from solar farming.
He appealed to the Indian diaspora to inspire at least five foreign families to visit India every year.
It was Veer Savarkar who fearlessly wrote that whatever happened in 1857 was not a rebellion but the first war of independence.
• Insurance companies have been advised to settle claims of Ockhi cyclone victims expeditiously.
He described the Constitution as the soul of our democratic framework.
We will facilitate the early start of negotiations on a free trade agreement between the Eurasian Economic Union and the Republic of India.
She was a woman who could lead a comfortable life but remained engaged in the service of the poor.
It gives me special pleasure to welcome His Excellency the Prime Minister of Portugal, the Vice President of Suriname, the Honourable Ministers of Malaysia and Mauritius to this event.
My best wishes to all of you.
I will be in Jakarta on 29 May at the invitation of the President of Indonesia, Joko Widodo.
Under the able leadership of President Hassan Rouhani, Iran will continue to touch new heights of achievement.
The other three terminals are under construction at Sahibganj, Haldia and Ghazipur.
These achievements have been made ahead of some major recent reforms.
Oil ministers in developing countries know the sensitivity of energy pricing.
A number of conferences and seminars have been held on various topics.
He hoped that the medal winners would not get lost in the glare of fame and awards and would focus all their attention on excellence.
He told the officers that to succeed in tasks and objectives, it is important to develop close relationships with people.
In August 2016, a strict set of rules were put in place to curb benami transactions.
President Temer's visit will open the way for cooperation in new areas with Brazil, an important strategic partner of ours.
Benami properties worth over Rs 800 crore have been seized by the government.
My best wishes to the entire team and support staff, on behalf of the countrymen.
The Prime Minister further said that for start-ups to succeed, it is important to have enough capital, courage, and connect with people.
He complimented the people of the state for declaring Jammu and Kashmir open defecation free in September 2018.
I will attend events in Ahmedabad, Rajkot, Modasa and Gandhinagar.
My personal contacts with Japanese leaders, government, industry, and people go back almost a decade now.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today inaugurated the Kochi Metro and undertook a brief walk on the new Metro line.
Earlier, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said that the India-Japan partnership is special, strategic and global.
These days, I keep getting news from the states.
We have taken many decisive steps and created a governance system that will help India realise its potential.
It is a great honour to be the first Indian Prime Minister to visit this beautiful region of Sri Lanka.
Russia provided its support for India's membership of the Nuclear Suppliers Group.
The Prime Minister welcomed the leaders of the BRICS and BIMSTEC families ahead of the summit.
A postage stamp on 'Ramayana' was released by him on the occasion.
The Prime Minister and the members of the delegation exchanged views on the bilateral partnership and other issues of mutual interest.
My dear countrymen, after the Diwali holidays, with a new resolve, with a new determination, all of you must have come together once again in your daily life.
The Prime Minister laid the foundation stone of pipeline and road projects.
I myself will be a candidate in this election.
The Prime Minister held a meeting with the Chief Minister of the state, Shri Pinarayi Vijayan, and officials of the state government to review the situation arising out of the floods.
The objective of the MoU is to promote innovation, creativity and economic development in both countries.
The interest rate on these will also be lower as the cost of the guarantee is borne by the central government.
The Prime Minister invited Kazakhstan for membership of the International Energy Group.
India is now one of the most preferred countries for investment in the region.
The Jan Dhan Yojana has connected crores of people to the banking system.
The Prime Minister said India believes that the world is one family and it is with this spirit that it is fulfilling its global responsibilities.
This concrete step of yours will go a long way in building a New India.
The government has also asked banks to increase the cash credit limit for small industries from 20 per cent to 25 per cent.
The Prime Minister will interact with various stakeholders associated with the mission.
It was with this spirit when I was the Chief Minister of Gujarat that I launched a similar movement called 'Vanche Gujarat'.
The money will be used to strengthen facilities like electricity, water, sewage, sanitation and gardens in these 33 cities.
The Prime Minister laid special emphasis on the shared values between India and Japan.
Let us take the positivity forward.
Today, 11 August is associated with an important date for history.
He said that these noble deeds require close coordination and constant monitoring.
In order to increase energy efficiency, my Government has been giving priority to the Railways.
His singing will continue to attract people to Sufi music.
• The country will not gain anything by standing with those who have looted the country.
Lokmanya Tilak was full of courage and confidence.
The salient features of this tunnel are as follows:
I urge all of you to participate enthusiastically in this campaign.
Ms. Espinosa shared her priorities for the upcoming session of the UN General Assembly.
As we have done, we are still counted among the fastest growing economies in the world.
The Prime Minister will address the gathering on the occasion.
Prime Minister Modi said that the defence relationship is an important pillar between India and Japan.
Kerala was also the first state to achieve 100% primary education.
Prime Minister Modi reiterated the importance of solidarity in the European Union and underlined its importance as a force for stability in the world.
On the eve of this Republic Day, I congratulate the bravehearts and their families who have been honoured with various gallantry awards.
He also said that fuel burnt due to delays while crossing state borders will now be saved and will also benefit the environment.
After laying the foundation stone of Pakaldul project, the Prime Minister said that today is a unique day when one hydroelectric project has been inaugurated and the foundation stone of another project has been laid.
64. Both sides noted that the participation of the Prime Minister of India, Shri Narendra Modi, in the meeting of the Council of Heads of State of the SCO held in Qingdao in June 2018 reflects India's successful participation in the functioning of the organization as a full-time member.
See how many times in the last few minutes I have used such words as the best ever, the most brilliant ever.
This was the ninth interaction of the Prime Minister in a series of interactions with beneficiaries of various government schemes through video conference.
He complimented Prime Minister Abe for launching the project in such a short span of time.
Recently, 16-year-old Shivangi Pathak became the youngest Indian woman to conquer Everest from Nepal.
Most of the complaints are related to poor service quality, connectivity, and service interruption of landline connections.
Tababi Devi, a 16-year-old young player, hails from a village in Manipur.
I congratulate all the athletes who are coming back with medals.
Skill India aims to ensure that newcomers to the workforce have the necessary skills so that they can contribute to the 21st century economy.
The Prime Minister said that this honour is the honour of the people of India.
I look forward to my meeting with the politicians and friends of Nepal.
The Prime Minister spoke of the work being done towards modernising the transport infrastructure.
However, I am satisfied with the fact that this is the second dialogue between India and Portugal within six months.
