He also noted that sports also contribute to the growth of the body, building faith and overall development.
We are improving administration by increasing access to digital technology to improve distribution to the bottom of society.
This year, October 2 has a special significance.
I assure you that the Government of India is committed to providing all necessary assistance to the efforts of the State in tackling these diseases.
This fully automated and state-of-the-art coastal installation project will ensure the safety of petroleum products for Andhra Pr
He also said that the Central Government makes decisions not for political gain but in the national interest.
My dear countrymen, greetings to all of you.
He said there is a strong need to develop a proper blueprint at the district level so that we can understand our diverse talents and plan
What torment the freaks of freedom will endure.
The result of 100% urea lime coating has also been shown to increase productivity and reduce the cost of fertilizer.
Thirdly, the Prime Minister emphasized the private sector's participation in gas distribution.
He described tourism as an ancient concept and a spiritual tradition in India.
On the arrival of the holy month of Ramadan, I wish the people of India and all over the world, especially the Muslim community,
He said that a teacher is connected to the stream of knowledge for life.
Yoga adds to this scattering.
Record growth over the last two and a half years
He told the students that they should think about innovative solutions to the problems facing the people.
In terms of planning and implementation, if we fail to manage this progress, the human and economic losses from disaster will be greater than
As an experienced MP, he enriched parliamentary proceedings.
This is the 5th Indian Science Congress, which will be addressed by Shri Narendra Modi after taking office as Prime Minister, taking
Addressing the gathering, the Prime Minister said that development is the best solution to all forms of violence.
He will also launch a portal for coordination and monitoring of development activities at the district level.
And for this you must take tough steps too.
On World Toilet Day, we reaffirm our commitment to improving sanitation facilities across our country.
17. All States have a problem of widespread vaccination.
This time, the Swaraj Jayeeti of the Press Council of India is also being celebrated.
In many parts of the country, the weather has been tempered by heavy rain.
People give to the needy during this holy month.
The Prime Minister said that both IQ (intellectual skills) and EQ (emotional skills) are of great importance in student life
We were particularly impressed by President Moon's decision to send First Lady as Special Representative to the Dipoत्सv ceremony held
Supply chain capability is important in any manufacturing enterprise.
I had appealed to turn Brain - Drain into Brain - Gain.
As a market economy, our needs and our power are complementary.
My young friends, you know very well that I keep on speaking of 'Mann Ki'.
Peacekeeping operations are not easy.
He said that he himself has visited the North East region more than 25 times in the last four years.
This has benefited millions of artisans and workers.
Today the whole country is celebrating the festival of Independence as well as the festival of birth.
Later, in 1945, when the struggle for independence took hold, he produced a revised copy of that idea.
At this Town Hall event, I had the opportunity to talk through technology, with millions of students from across the country and abroad, with
As part of the launching ceremony of this campaign, which will run across Pahwada, the Prime Minister will interact with various people
We are now in the information age.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that we should think about how research can help our farmers.
He said all stakeholders involved in the health sector are working together to bring about radical change in this sector.
He also said that the Government will ensure that adequate agricultural loans are available.
This was also a feat of peace by our soldiers.
The bridge will significantly improve connectivity between Assam and Arunachal Pradesh from the Issam to the Tamil Nadu
He said that now Varanasi is among the selected cities where cooking gas is being provided by pipes.
The medal winners met the Prime Minister at Parliament House.
The Prime Minister appreciated how with confidence and resilience poor women have fought against all the odds.
The Prime Minister recalled the role played by Indian troops in the liberation of Haifa during the First World War.
He said that there is a lot of tourism potential in Varanasi and every effort should be made to keep the city clean.
We have also decided to start an annual exchange of 100 bilateral visits of young people from science-related disciplines.
Bharatmala Yojana aims to improve road connectivity by building corridors and highways.
This will facilitate students interested in cinema from the North Eastern States.
14. Other areas of cooperation as per mutual decision.
His sport has made us all proud.
The Prime Minister said that his Government is committed to eliminating intermediaries and corruption.
The Prime Minister welcomed Russia's unconditional assistance to India on the issue of cross-border terrorism.
The National War Memorial near India Gate in New Delhi is a fitting tribute to our soldiers who gave their lives to protect the country
Discussing the self-help groups, the Prime Minister said that self-help groups play an important role in economic and social
They will provide certificates to the beneficiaries of various schemes.
The areas of cooperation related to youth affairs include the movement of youth, representatives of youth organisations and government officials in charge of youth policy
We are committed to doing what is sustainable and green.
A special campaign was launched in 2016 to identify leprosy.
In view of this mutual and global goal, I thank Prime Minister Abe and Japan for being a precise partner.
You should also take part in this and I would especially urge you to show these things to the children.
Science and technology
The Prime Minister expressed his deep condolences on behalf of himself and the people of India for the loss of lives and property in the recent
He clarified that the Government will ensure the availability of more seats in temporary institutions so that students of other categories are not
It is also necessary to have a framework of cooperation to take swift action in cases involving consumers from other countries.
For example, if a firefighter visits a school in their area every week, it will make the schoolchildren feel good
Under your leadership, Cyprus has successfully overcome recent financial and banking challenges.
The Government is firmly committed to follow the path of fiscal consolidation.
And therefore, the State Government is being generously assisted in enhancing infrastructure in the State.
The passion for football in Portugal is quite deep.
The Prime Minister said that his Government is committed to completing all projects in a timely manner.
This is especially essential to ensure freedom, peace and justice for the exploited, the suffering and the disadvantaged.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its prior approval to the MoU between India and Singapore for
The Prime Minister said that the Government's campaign against black money is a bold and decisive step.
We will also get a new joy, a new satisfaction in continuing the journey that Atal Ji had started.
Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel took over the reins of the Indian government in a formula.
The results of these efforts are now being seen.
"I salute Loknaik Jay Prakash Narayan on his birthday.
He travelled to different countries of the world to speak out against the propaganda about the Sunan religion and philosophy.
We will work shoulder to shoulder with the countries of the region to deal with disasters.
For a healthy and happy humanity, it is our responsibility to further develop understanding of yoga.
Who is not a fan of Harmanpriet Kaur?
During the conversation today, the Prime Minister outlined India's policies in the field of climate change and environmental sustainability in detail
Consumer Protection is an important component of growing and strengthening business in this sector.
India's 1.25 crore citizens will welcome with new resolve, new spirit, new spirit, new dreams.
Although our goal in relation to these food parks is to connect the agricultural processing clusters to the main production centres.
He said that during the current fiscal year, States are receiving more than Rs.11 lakh crore from the Centre, which shows
Therefore, it is an honour to welcome a dear friend and a strong supporter of India.
This means that in a way, the farm is being connected to any market in the country.
He unveiled a plaque there and inaugurated Swadash Darshan Yojana.
Now there is an effort to bring banks back to normal as soon as possible in the new year.
Talking about the progress made towards this resolution, the Prime Minister said that over 11 crore Soil Health Cards have been distributed
Responding to the people who had raised the slogan of the Swachhata Bharat from the Red Fort of the Prime Minister,
In the Joint Statement on Maritime Cooperation, we have outlined the framework of our cooperation programme in this area.
Shri Narendra Modi said during the dialogue that DinDiyal Antyodaya Yojana-National Rural Lifestyle Mission has been
The MoU was signed on July, 2017.
Ayushman Bharat also includes the Prime Minister's National Health and Safety Mission.
The country is built on peace, goodwill and unity.
Today, the President and I have had extensive discussions.
We are also looking at various strategies for better disaster management.
This will help improve health and maternal care for the vulnerable sections of society.
The programme like GST and the tough action against corruption have helped people to do business honestly.
Recognised trade unions will be held accountable for maintaining industrial harmony.
The Prime Minister congratulated the people of Indore for taking the Swachh Bharat Mission forward.
The National War Memorial complex includes a central quadrangle column, an eternal flame, and six bronze murals depic
The state of law and order is being closely monitored.
For example, under India's Housing Programme, 10 million houses in urban areas are targeted.
Even attempts were made to destroy the confidence of Indians.
He said that the Union Government is also putting a lot of emphasis on development of waterways.
It seems like a life - death question.
The Prime Minister will then visit Anjar.
The Swiss Bank has reported that the deposits by Indians have reached the lowest level ever recorded.
I salute all those heroes with all my heart and respect.
The Prime Minister instructed insurance companies to conduct special camps to assess losses and to provide compensation to affected families and beneficiaries under
FDI flow from Japan has almost tripled in the last three years.
In Port Blair, the Prime Minister paid tribute to the martyrs and visited the Seljular Jail.
Sometimes it seems that we cannot see the exam in the proper perspective.
India and Japan are ancient civilizations and vibrant democracies.
And so the weight of the numbers also sometimes prevents us from moving in the right direction.
I strongly condemn the violence and pray for peace with all.
The various education boards across the country will start the process for the 10th and 12th class board examinations in the next few weeks
He said that Gujarat's development journey has undergone significant positive changes in the last two decades.
It provides for the establishment of a framework and friendly environment for understanding each other's strengths, markets, technology, policies etc.
The MoU was signed in May 2017 during the visit of the Palestinian Foreign Minister to India.
January, February, March, April, all these months are months of probation in every family.
He recalled that the Union Government had earlier launched Jan Dhan Yojana to ensure financial inclusion.
New India is not possible without New Tamil Nadu.
We need to support such initiatives through policies and actions.
Our bilateral trade is more than 10 billion dollars.
Indian women have played a leading role in peace-building efforts.
I thank Chief Minister Ramayya Ji and his entire Government for the organization of this event and for the cooperation and efforts made to make it successful
It is playing a huge role in the growth of the village.
He said that for India, there is not only an industrial change but also a social change.
He said that the nation will never forget the sacrifices of freedom fighters.
Interest subsidy on loan amount up to Rs. 2 lakh will be provided to the beneficiary borrowing under this scheme.
His greatest contribution to the freedom struggle was that he made it a broad mass movement.
The Government of India has also provided support to the activities of the Foundation.
The MoU will help the Academy to spread its experience to NIPAM to run a training institution for senior civil services in the country.
His life was devoted to ending suffering and removing injustice from society.
At this time, the whole country stands with the people of the North East.
There is an increased maternity leave provision.
This shows that our young generation still has a passion for our heroes of our ancient heritage and history.
We are the world's second largest exporter of shrimp.
The Prime Minister also said that like other major cities in Gujarat, Bhuj will have a modern bus port.
This visit of President Temer provides an important opportunity to work in a planned manner.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Agreement between India and Myanmar on land border crossing.
The role of Japan in our mega projects like Dedicated Freight Corridor, Delhi Mumbai Industrial Corridor, Metro Rail and
Private companies are also connecting in large numbers through the portal.
The budget of Manrega also helps to conserve this water.
Shri Govind Singh believed that the greatest service is to end human suffering.
The Prime Minister said that sanitation or hygiene prevention is one of the most important aspects of healthcare.
Institutions also contributed greatly.
The UAE is one of our most valuable partners and close friends in a significant part of the world.
The programmes launched today can give you an idea of the depth of the relationship between the two countries.
Since its inception, more than 7 lakh poor patients have been benefited in just 100 days.
He thanked Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu for his warm welcome and respect throughout his visit.
He said that the biggest challenge for medal winners is now beginning and they should not lose sight of the Olympic Games goal.
The handling of public complaints in 17 areas was also reviewed.
You will be pleased to know that this award for best policy making in this sector is similar to the Oscar in that field.
The foundation meeting of the alliance was held in New Delhi earlier this year.
We are confident that our people will be decisive partners in our efforts to develop responsive, collective and inclusive solutions.
He said that the spirit of innovation of our ancestors must be kept alive.
During this time, the expedition team will stop at Bishnore, Narora, Farukhabad, Kanpur, Alla
The Prime Minister said that the Kashi Vishwanath Temple has maintained its existence despite suffering for centuries.
The lack of intermediaries makes things very cheap.
This traditional calendar shows how old our relationship with natural and astronomical phenomena is.
The projects reviewed today include the construction of four new embassies in Delhi, Mumbai Industrial Corridor, Mangalore,
The Prime Minister mentioned in particular Meghalaya which received the award for its achievements in agriculture during the review period.
But for me, it is my first time at Def-Expo.
Every Indian is extremely proud of the successful testing of Agni-V.
UN staff, diplomats from around the world, everyone participated.
Under this, over 100 million poor and vulnerable families will get insurance coverage of over $7,000 per year.
In this context, he mentioned various development-based initiatives of the Government such as Ayushman Bharat, Swachh Bhar
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Prime Minister of Portugal, Antonio Costa, visited the Champalmode Foundation in Lisbon today.
This is the Prime Minister's third official visit to Kollam.
I can see in front of me that there are a large number of children and parents present here.
He said the Government aims to double the income of farmers by 2022.
The Prime Minister said, "Wishing the people of Meghalaya on the special occasion of State Establishment Day.
After the review meeting, the Prime Minister announced financial assistance of Rs 500 crore for the state.
I have asked the Ministry of Defence to accelerate relief and rescue operations in the state.
Many people have written, sent letters, shared their fitness mantra  fit India stories on social media to show their support for this.
All these projects have immense potential for Japanese industry.
It is an important day to reaffirm our commitment to further strengthen our democracy by participating in democratic processes at the local, state
This sacred instrument has a wonderful vibration, vibration, hypnosis.
Greetings and blessings to Hanya.
The main objective of this Mission is to promote reading as a means of growth and prosperity.
10 days ago, India - Mother lost her brave sons.
6. Training and management for the administration of health services and hospitals;
Recently 30 nanosatellites have been launched.
In this context, he mentioned government programs like Jan Dhan Yojana, Ujjwala Yojana, Swachh Bharat Mission
During the conversation, the Prime Minister urged the award winners to unite the community and make them an integral part of sustainable development in
His guidance and tireless push for social reform helped the disadvantaged.
He has shown that when the goal is set, the courage is high and the resolve in the mind is fulfilled, it can be
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has wished all citizens on National Voter Day.
The Prime Minister will then leave for Odisha.
The external sector is still quite strong.
I will also address a public meeting.
This will be the fourth annual summit between Prime Minister Modi and Prime Minister Abe.
It brings goodwill to society by making families sensitive to society.
India can proudly say that not only male strength but also female strength is making such a contribution to the Armed Forces of India.
Prime Minister in Assam
In fact, 1.25 billion people in India are equally fond of Japanese people.
My condolences to his entire family, friends and supporters in this sad time.
Including mishmi-kamun (miju mishmi), idū (mishmi) and taras (
The Prime Minister said that more than three lakh companies have been investigated by the data mining investigation after demonetisation.
India and Russia have committed to cooperate with each other to achieve these goals.
A legacy that has connected our society through generations and centuries.
He said that the Union Government has approved 100 per cent FDI in the healthcare system.
Recently, a scheme has also been launched to bring electricity connections to every household in the country.
The Government is also working towards the goal of having every person in the country have their own home by 2022.
They also agreed to continue efforts to develop clean energy based systems, renewable energy and fuels, energy efficiency and pollution-free
As you all know, when we successfully launched the Mars mission, the entire mission was for a period of six months.
These projects include The West Turn Dedicated Freight Corridor and the Char Dham Highway Development Project.
Referring to the current Nutrition Month, the Prime Minister said that the pace of this campaign should not be diminished.
This is why many letters have come about agriculture.
The coming together of so many countries on International Yoga Day reflects the essence of Yoga - unity.
My dear countrymen, it has been a unique experience for me to connect with all of you through the 'Mann Ki Baat
This is a new path that the government has opened for you.
He reiterated the commitment of the Union Government to provide universal coverage of seven major schemes to 45,000 additional villages in 115
He said that the launch of IPPPB today is another important step towards achieving this objective.
Our efforts to facilitate business have improved India's ranking.
It is a two minute show of collective solidarity, resolve and devotion to the martyrs.
It is an occasion to worship Mother Durga.
He said India is establishing a record in the startup sector with the talent of its youth.
The Prime Minister said that the Chief Ministers of the States have played a major role in policy-making through sub-groups and
The Prime Minister thanked Japan for providing technical and financial assistance for the project.
In July this year, we have implemented uniform Goods and Services Tax system across the country.
Similarly, prior notification of cyclone has been made.
We will work towards a qualitative high level of military-to-military cooperation.
He said that as a society, it is essential to stay connected to our history.
Many Union Ministers and other dignitaries were present on the occasion.
He said that over the last 3 years, more than 65 Ayush hospitals have been developed.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi will inaugurate the birth centenary of Nanaji Deshmukh at IARI, Poosa
His contribution is highly appreciated in India and the UAE.
He said the Government is focusing on increasing production through fast connectivity.
The Prime Minister visited various routes in the city in the evening to assess development work in Varanasi.
But someone has to make this decision for the country.
These projects are related to various states including Haryana, Rajasthan, Gujarat, Maharashtra, Uttar Pr
Obviously, it will take a lot of effort to make it popular.
Shri Narendra Modi also called for a Mission Mode initiative for India's 100 most backward districts.
We are granting loans of up to Rs. 1 crore in 59 minutes.
The Agreement will assist in the collection of revenue claims made by both countries.
It is the largest underground storage facility in the country.
Today I am very proud to announce that through collective efforts, the Swachh Bharat Mission has become a successful mission.
Yoga is a code of connecting people to life and then connecting humanity to nature.
India's economic growth rate in the fourth quarter of FY 2017-18 was 7.7 per cent.
He said that our armed forces are conducting an average of 10 major joint exercises with allied forces every year.
On January 30th, we all pay tribute to the martyrs who gave their lives for the country by keeping a two minute silence at
He opened the Women's Hostel for Northeast Region students at the premises of the Income Tax Appeal Tribunal in
I had also thanked all the parties that day.
Pollution-free technologies, sea-based solutions, modernization of farms, food processing, health, life sciences and agric
These measures have also increased the efficiency of energy use.
A viable alternative dispute resolution ecosystem is a national priority for India.
The two leaders also agreed to promote bilateral trade and investment in a balanced and sustainable manner, taking advantage of the beneficial arrangements between
The capacity of the NDRF to handle the situation through its commitment and quick decision has become a new pillar of devotion for every
In society, sports are still considered a waste of time.
Praising the Bohra society, the Prime Minister said that it is a privilege for him to be associated with the community.
This is the identity of your Dynamic Course and Exam credibility.
These measures have led our economy to move forward on a fast path of development.
My dear countrymen, the festival of Navratri is underway.
Captain Mitali Raj is leading the team.
He said that our goal has been to double the income of farmers and simplify the lives of farmers.
A visual art museum has also been built in the same Revolution Temple.
Abdullah appreciated India's continued support to Afghanistan in developing and capacity building Afghanistan's infrastructure.
It will facilitate effective institutional dialogue between India and Thailand.
From lists of causes to case law, the lawyer's library is now one click away from your mobile.
Whether it is grandparents or grandparents, parents, sons and daughters, all three generations can do yoga together
Reading helps people to expand their thinking range.
We are the fourth largest generator of wind energy and the fifth largest generator of solar energy.
The objective of both sides is to establish cooperative institutional relations to promote technical bilateral cooperation on innovative and renewable subjects on
The kind of affection, devotion and sorrow that poured out across the country for Atal Ji reflects his vast personality
Describing it as a historic day, the Prime Minister dedicated the PM-SYM Scheme to 42 crore unorganized
23. The two sides appreciated the efforts to strengthen and institutionalize cooperation between the States of India and the territories of Russia.
The establishment of this Joint Working Group will help to resolve the issue related to the terrorist attack.
He said that this view is changing now.
In this regard, they resolved to empower a close development partnership in a mutually beneficial and sustainable manner to modernize the
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that he was experiencing a special energy in the environment from this collective text.
He laid the foundation stone of this institute in April 2015.
The Prime Minister also reviewed the progress of the Smart City Mission.
Whether it is relief and rescue work or disaster management, our Air Warriors are grateful to the Air Force for their admira
The Prime Minister mentioned the expansion of infrastructure connected to basic health services, road network, oil and gas pipeline.
Prime Minister Suluvade Jamphal will lay the foundation stone of the Kanoli Lift Irrigation Scheme.
In a few hours, we will all welcome the New Year of 2017.
Well, young friends, you are preparing for the exam and I am holding you to my heart.
The two leaders welcomed the major achievements of the Special Strategic Partnership between the two countries in the past year.
The Ceylon Estate Workers Education Trust (CEWET) was established in 1947 to encourage students to continue their studies.
The Prime Minister said that every rupee and every resource of the Government of India is dedicated to the welfare of Indians.
Your disappointment will turn into faith.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has mourned the passing of K. Karunanidhi.
The Prime Minister said that this high-speed train will not only reduce distances between the two cities but also bring people living hundreds of
The Prime Minister said that the recently announced Ayushmann Bharat Yojana will bring about tremendous change in the health sector.
The treaty will provide a legal framework for the transfer of terrorists, economic criminals and other criminals from Lithuania to India and
Welcoming the delegation members, the Prime Minister said that the greatest strength of democracy is harmony and harmony.
Now the continent itself has become the centre of global economic activity.
Several aspects emerged which can certainly be beneficial for the students.
India is now moving towards a sweet revolution.
The holy month of Ramadan was celebrated with holy spirit in the distant places of worship.
Prime Minister Shri Modi said, "I will meet with President of Singapore, Halima Jacob on June 1.
The Prime Minister stressed the importance of innovation and technology for the progress and development of the nation.
Schoolchildren associated with Atal Tinkering Labs shared their inventions with the Prime Minister.
On the occasion, the Prime Minister interacted with college students from different regions of the country.
If you put knowledge at the center, you try to incorporate a lot of things into yourself.
My dear brothers and sisters, yesterday we commemorated the Infantry Day.
48. Together we will build an India that is free, healthy and fulfills the dream of Swaraj.
I assure you of all possible assistance from the Government.
Badminton star Kidambi Srikanth has made every Indian proud by winning the Denmark Open title with an outstanding performance.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the signing of the Agreement between the Government of Ukraine and
We are living in a time when diamonds are being used in glasses, watches and pens.
There are over 8 lakh doctors.
We all remember that a few days ago, ISRO successfully launched GSAT-19.
As of August this year, 290 million such accounts have been opened in Indian banks.
The Prime Minister will press the button to lay the foundation stone of the roads being constructed under the Central Road Fund (CRF
Health and Fitness Centres are an important component of Ayushman Bharat Yojana to ensure overall health.
Life goes on if the sense of mission you have and the sense of ambition you have, is there any correlation between your mission and
The Agreement between the Government of the Republic of India and the Government of the Republic of Armenia on Cooperation and Mutual Assistance in Cust
It will also increase mutual trust and trade.
But we know that we have limited democracy to ballots.
India gained independence because of great men like him.
He said that the organisation of such artificial parliaments will increase the spirit of dialogue among our youth.
I pray for the speedy recovery of the wounded.
Significant progress has been made in rural areas under the Prime Minister Housing Yojana.
Protocol for Consultation between the Ministries of External Affairs of the two countries for the period 2019-23.
In addition to this network, various universities will be able to carry out full research work on disaster issues in both these areas which will
The festival of Shatta is associated with the worship of the sun in rivers, ponds.
The Prime Minister said, "Tribute to Mahatma Phule on his birth anniversary.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi will attend the Annual Conference of Director General of Police at BSF Academy, Tekanpur,
Sister Nivedita Ji also collaborated with the great scientist Jagdish Chandra Basu.
India has managed to improve its rating after a long wait.
All major agencies like the International Monetary Fund, World Bank and Asian Development Bank (ADB) have forecast India's growth
The results have also started to be positive.
He said that it is our collective responsibility to save Mother Earth.
We are proud of the decisions that have further strengthened women empowerment.
Our past has always been woven with restraint.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved measures to promote the hydroelectric sector.
The relationship between us in trade and investment is deepening.
He also discussed his own efforts to contribute to regional and global economic growth.
Congratulations to my daughter Shivangi.
I have said before that your hardware and our software will be a great match.
On the eve of International Yoga Day, the Prime Minister shared the complexities of various yoga asanas on social media.
The Prime Minister said that the freedom struggle became a mass movement because of the efforts of Mahatma Gandhi.
India is moving forward in all these areas towards economic reform.
Preparation of Security Dialogue to develop a comprehensive Action Plan on Security Cooperation
The procedures for obtaining clearance from various agencies have been simplified.
First of all, congratulations to all of you for the International Conference on an important topic like Consumer Protection.
He said that specific targets should be set for these districts based on different criteria in a short timeframe.
It provides a mechanism for taking up growing land in the form of land.
He praised the spirit and hard work of the people of the Nicobar Islands in building the island after the tsunami.
• The cow is considered the mother in our society.
The Prime Minister discussed Mahatma Gandhi's resolve towards sanitation.
The Prime Minister quoted writer Ram Varaksh Benipuri and poet Sohanlal Dwivedi to express the mood of the time
Therefore, good health is a combination of individual development and collective efforts for the betterment of the environment.
I am happy that today this complex is being completed.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that banking services through India Post Payments Bank will reach the most remote places and people
Guru Gobind Singh, the tenth Guru of the Sikhs, has been a source of inspiration to the people through his teach
He said that hard work can overcome all obstacles and it helps us to achieve the most difficult objectives.
The Prime Minister will return to Guwahati from Etanagar.
The Prime Minister discussed his visit to the Tsunami Smarck - Wall of Lost Souls just before he arrived at the event.
In the digital infrastructure sector, 2187 mobile towers have been installed in districts affected by leftist extremists in 2016-1
He said that only those who respect women can truly be proud of the brothers and sisters of America, who spoke the first words of the
But I was inspired by the courage, simplicity and determination of the people to overcome the disaster.
The Prime Minister will release a decree highlighting the achievements of the Government.
Somnath has 20,000 followers on social media.
The game was played in almost every state.
The Prime Minister urged the players to remember and stay in touch with their teachers who have guided them since childhood.
This is my first visit to Indonesia as Prime Minister.
I want to assure you that the steps taken by the Government will put the country in a new league of development in the coming years
India has won the Asia Cup of Hockey with a great performance.
The Prime Minister said that India has no shortage of capabilities, capabilities and resources.
It is time for all politicians and political parties to respect the sentiments of honest citizens of the country, understand the anger of the people.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi welcomed and wished all the teams participating in the FIFA U-17 World Cup.
Countries around the world joined us in unexpected numbers.
The limit on withdrawal from ATMs and banks has also been set for a short time.
Germany is ranked 7th among the countries investing in India.
He also asked senior officials of the Union Government to review progress on a weekly basis.
Shri Modi said that on humanitarian grounds, five solar and one thousand rupees old notes will be accepted for funerals
On October 8th we celebrate Air Force Day.
He emphasized the importance of positive news for a vibrant and happy country.
He said that India is today the fastest growing major economy in the world.
The Prime Minister said that Gurudev Ravindranath Tagore wanted Indian students to step up from the world wide but retain their Indian
The earth is our mother and we are her children.
This includes photography and geotagging.
The agreement that has been exchanged will establish this understanding.
We are keen to increase investment in next generation infrastructure including roads, ports, railways, airports, telecommunications, digital
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today held an informal meeting with all the Secretaries, Senior Officials of Ministries of the
He popularized the musical traditions of India on a global scale.
You have incorporated our culture into you and made it your own.
They will not be forgiven.
The amendment of the Arbitration Act will now speed up the arbitration process.
The two sides expressed their commitment to continue mutual support and coordination on various platforms including BRICS and ITU.
In search of peace from the stress of modern life, Aksar people start to consume tobacco, alcohol and even drugs.
I look forward to interacting with the Indian community in Portugal during the visit.
India and Portugal are also strong partners on the international stage.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today attended the Centennial Celebration of Sabarmati Ashram in Gujarat.
India has shown tremendous resilience in a time of uncertainty in the global economy.
Per capita plastic consumption in India is significantly lower than in many parts of the developed world.
The Prime Minister directed the construction of rural roads and the efficient and rigorous monitoring of their quality.
Our heroic martyrs have sacrificed their lives.
Today, the MUDRA Yojana, Start Up India, Stand Up India initiatives are giving birth to our young innovators, young entreprene
The Prime Minister said congratulations to M. Vankaiah Naidu Garuru on his election as Vice President of India.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated Babu Jagjjivan on his birthday.
This is a living example of a changing environment in itself.
I hope that this will help us to move forward.
Our trees and forests have increased by one per cent in the last two years.
Sadly, for a very long time we have referred to the events of 1857 as simply the rebellion or the soldier rebellion
On January 26, our Republic Day was celebrated with euphoria and enthusiasm in every corner of the country.
The dream of a Shreshtha India is in this.
He told the medal winners that their performance has made India proud.
I experienced his great hospitality at the BRICS Summit in South Africa last year.
The Prime Minister said that initiatives like the Prime Minister's Safer Matrivat Vyapavan and Mission Indra Dhanush
The Prime Minister said, "Welcome and wishes to all the teams participating in the FIFA U-17 World Cup.
These are our values too.
We are setting up commercial courts and commercial divisions to resolve commercial matters as soon as possible.
If the family always refuses the child and expects the adopter to respect the child, it is not possible.
India is going through many major changes today.
In June 2015, I had the opportunity to welcome you to India.
He also congratulated those who have authorized the location around the temple for their land project.
There is a story of innovation in the field of sanitation or news of change in the passion of an official.
He said that the areas near the sea could become the centre of our Blue Revolution.
Independent India has sent a large number of UN peacekeepers across the world.
He praised the officials who have helped in this change.
The Prime Minister also met with representatives of the Ceylon Workers Congress and the Tamil Progressive Alliance.
India has strong strategic relations with all three countries.
The sales of cars made in India by Japanese car manufacturers are already taking place in Japan.
India's economic growth rate is projected to be 7.4 per cent in FY 2018-19.
It was a war in which India was not directly involved, yet only for peace our troops fought all over the world.
Recently, the Government of India has standardized the specifications for the rolling stock and signal system of Metro Rail.
Our discussions covered all issues related to bilateral relations.
One hundred and fifty five crore Indians are waiting to welcome the leaders of ASEAN countries as our key guests to India's
The Prime Minister will inaugurate the newly built Madan Mohan Malviya Cancer Centre at Banaras Hindu University.
The hospitals will provide affordable cancer treatment to patients from neighbouring countries like Nepal including Uttar Pradesh, Jhar
Fifty cities in India are ready for the implementation of Metro Rail projects.
We appreciate your vision and leadership to lead our country out of crisis and on the path of economic prosperity.
Today, cross-border transactions are on the rise due to e-commerce and increasing cross-border mobility of people.
The Prime Minister said that when India was not free, the importance of India's heritage and knowledge heritage like Yoga and Ayur
Bilateral cooperation in the field of food processing between India and Japan will benefit the food processing sector of both countries.
Congratulations to our junior hockey team on winning the Junior Hockey World Cup.
Thank you, Nandri.
The proposed Bill will ensure greater transparency in the enrolment of workers' representatives in tripartite faculties by the Government
Today it will be a joy for the Ganna farmers that our ethanol production has tripled.
The Prime Minister said he wanted to warn the nation that some elements are trying to put unnecessary pressure on the judiciary
On the arrival of the first inter-national container ship at Varanasi, the Prime Minister said that eastern Uttar
During the last two years, 2014 and 2016, we have facilitated the return of over 90 thousand Indian citizens from around 54 countries.
The heroes of India House in London, including Savarkar, celebrated its 50th anniversary with a big ceremony.
He said that the result of these programmes has been that India has jumped 42 places in the ranking of ease of doing business in
We are with the bereaved families.
And finally, more and more international coordination will have to be brought in to deal with disasters.
Stable, expected and transparent laws are redefining the nature of doing business in India.
2. Drug regulation and drug quality control;
His passing was a great sadness.
This is the seventh in a series of interactions of the Prime Minister through video conference with various beneficiaries of Government schemes.
The presentation, based on energy and environment, included suggestions related to various energy sources and energy efficiency.
The choices we have today will define our collective future.
The Indian economy was faster than many major economies in 2015.
Strategic decisions are taken not only in the warfare sector but also in factories of defence manufacturing industries.
Now, people will be empowered through smartphones and digital devices with the aim of making financial services accessible.
Over the last two years, we have turned to a lower tax rate than corporate.
It has the power to change the climate of the whole country.
Our concerns and prayers are with the victims and their families.
The two leaders shared their views on their respective approaches to foreign policy to achieve global prosperity and security.
In this regard, he discussed India's digital infrastructure and its interfaces including Aadhaar, UPI, e-N
Results of Budget Session
We salute the courage of the Indian Army and its invaluable services.
His father is a labourer while his mother works as a fish salesman.
Earlier this year, he was awarded the Padma Shri.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today laid the foundation stone of several development projects of the Government of India and the Government of Jhar
This year has been a year of hard work and now is the time to tell that this festival should be of such enthusiasm.
Three years ago you gave me the responsibility of the chief servant.
Because Indonesia, the world's most populous Muslim country, stands for democracy, diversity, pluralism and social harmony.
We noted that President Temer's priority includes reviving the domestic economic agenda in Brazil.
This payment was ensured to farmers through sugar mills.
Appreciate the participation of cities in their challenging tasks.
The Prime Minister will address the audience, which will include farmers, scientists, entrepreneurs, students, government officials and public representatives.
India has emerged as a bright country in the global economy, giving new impetus to growth on a global scale.
When such a big event is being held, with thousands of players from all over the world attending, can you imagine what the atmosphere
We will also interact with the BRICS Trade Council, organized by the heads of industry from all five countries.
If we talk about the three years of this government, more than 22 thousand MW of renewable energy capacity has been connected to the grid
We are already the fifth largest producer of solar energy in the world.
It is the responsibility of all of us countrymen to keep historical heritage safe and clean.
The Prime Minister said that various Government schemes like Swachh Bharat have given incentive to tourism in the country.
The exam itself should be a joyful occasion.
Our bilateral defence cooperation is based on strong mutual trust.
Every year, a large number of pilgrims visit both places.
A list of 26 islands has been drawn up for overall development.
Rather, it should strive to achieve the real goal of bringing about social and economic change.
He said that the recommendations of these sub-groups have been incorporated by various Ministries of the Union Government.
In such a situation, the eyes of the world have been fixed on India and Yoga for a sustainable solution to these problems.
A memorandum was sent from the Chief Minister of Mizoram who could not attend the meeting in person.
Under this Mission, up to Rs 5 lakh per year per family will be provided for hospitalization in Phase 2 and 3 of the scheme
All of these are aimed at bringing about a broad transformation in the country and paving the way for the creation of a New India
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, outlined the benefits of PM-SYM scheme.
Space technology will connect with the lives of our people in this region.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi addressed the nation on the 71st Independence Day today from the ramparts of the Red Fort.
He said that the efforts of the expatriate Indians have ensured respect for Indian passports everywhere.
Given the cultural importance of Jallikattu, the Prime Minister said that the case is currently pending before the court.
Any accumulation of waste or dirt within the four walls of these places is considered unclean.
I welcome Brazilian companies to come and invest in India and become long-term commercial partners.
Even our ancient texts emphasize the importance of personal hygiene.
All this will affect energy demand.
He said that the Lok Court can play a major role in speeding up the settlement of pending cases with the judiciary.
If possible, we, the elders of the family, should also go out and play with these children.
The Prime Minister said that today, Jan-Dhan Yojana has completed three years.
In Singapore, I will focus on enhancing India-Singapore partnership in the areas of fintech, skill development, urban planning
All our players gave their best and played very well.
This is not a test of your life.
The two sides expressed satisfaction at the long-standing cooperation between Indian and Russian scientists in Antarctica.
The Union Government will issue immediate financial assistance of Rs 325 crore to Kerala, Tamil Nadu and Lakshadweep.
Our defence scientists have also made India proud.
Otherwise, if inflation had continued to rise at the same rate as the previous government, the budget for the kitchen of the average citi
Swachh Bharat Mission is an initiative in this direction.
He said that the happiness of the beneficiaries who were present in today's presentation was evident to the crowd present here today.
Our goal is to make a major leap in the maritime economy through the Blue Revolution.
The Act East policy of my Government places this sector at the centre of cooperation.
And so, together, we will build an India where the poor have secure housing, electricity, water.
We remember with pride the sacrifice of our army.
He hoped that the Government would soon achieve the goal of 100% rural road connectivity.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has expressed his condolences over the deaths in a bus accident in Mandya, Karnataka
There, they will unveil a plaque to the visitors as a sign of launch of some facilities.
Regional multilateralism through institutions such as AIIB can play a significant role in helping to mobilize the necessary resources.
It will deliver clean fuels (PNG) to homes, industries and commercial units.
Today we remember and salute his courage.
He then reviewed an audio-visual presentation of experiences of selected beneficiaries of the Government of India and Rajasthan w
He successfully launched 104 satellites into space with a single rocket launch.
In this context, the Prime Minister drew attention to the International Solar Alliance and said that India and France are working together towards it.
Society and family need to pay attention to this.
He also addressed a public gathering in Luangsangbam.
India's economic interests can be better served by a large number of available arbitration experts and lawyers.
But it is a greater honor to have the opportunity to speak with you.
The boost to the rural economy through this revolution will strengthen the Indian economy.
Addressing a public meeting, the Prime Minister called water a gift of nature.
I salute Guru Ravidas Ji on the special occasion of Guru Ravidas Jayanti.
Today, our fishermen take small boats to the sea.
They want to be assured that the rules will not change overnight.
Addressing the huge crowd in Ahmedabad, Prime Minister Narendra Modi highlighted the high ambition and willpower of New India
Together, Together, for All Development can be our guiding light for cooperation and action in South Asia.
Later, he addressed a huge crowd at a ceremony to dedicate the Kochi Metro to the nation.
In fact, it was the third largest source of foreign direct investment during the last three years.
On the occasion, the Prime Minister congratulated the recipients of the prestigious Gandhi Peace Prize.
Therefore, the Government is striving to ensure that every citizen has access to discounted healthcare.
The Government has taken several steps to increase investment.
The Prime Minister inaugurated the Wall of Unity.
We are also working tirelessly together as an International Solar Alliance to bring solar energy to the mainstream.
The situation is being closely monitored.
The Prime Minister will also release the outline of the Green Rameshwar Project.
Who doesn 't know the Bangladesh Liberation War in 1971?
We have a mutual desire for a strong strategic partnership.
The Prime Minister said that India regards Israel as an important partner in our path to sustained high growth and inclusive development.
He said that through this conference, top police officers get a complete approach to understanding the problems and challenges.
Our efforts are showing results in terms of economic growth and development.
Referring to the integrity of the Bukhara community in business, the Prime Minister said that the Government encourages honest traders and
He had the power and intelligence to mirror the mistakes of the British rulers.
India will fully support their efforts in this direction.
I am pleased to see a large number of Energy Ministers, heads of international organizations and CEOs from oil producing and consuming
India will emerge as a global leader on the basis of state-of-the-art technology and skilled human resources.
Best wishes to all of you countrymen for all these festivals.
This law will play an effective role in preventing cases of crimes against women and girls.
He stressed that we too should act in accordance with the expectations of our guardian Constitution.
Our security forces have been given full independence.
Six labour and three environmental laws have been amended which requires young entrepreneurs to present only self-certified documents.
I pray to God for the well-being of all those injured in the train accident.
Referring to technology, the Prime Minister requested assistance in areas where high pressure and high temperature related technical applications (APPs) are considered
The two sides emphasized the importance of continuing multilateral dialogue on this topic within the framework of the East Asia Summits and other
Our dear leader, former Prime Minister of our country, Shri Atal Bihari Vajpayee Ji, had clearly said that human rights
This purification, which is driven by the patience and resolve of 125 crore countrymen, will play a key
During his tenure, the timing of the budget was changed.
Let us move forward with this mantra.
As the campaign is launched, people are invited to send letters and messages to the Armed Forces.
He stressed that the Government is committed to better living for senior citizens.
He said that Adi Shankaracharya had united India through Vedas and Upanishads.
57 NDRF teams, including 1,300 personnel and 435 sailors, have been deployed to search and rescue operations.
On this occasion, I would like to speak to my colleagues from other countries about the Give-it-up scheme.
These are some examples of reform.
He has carried this movement forward with great piety.
Our parents still emphasize on study and academics.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated the people of Jharkhand on the occasion of the State's
And last year was also the silver jubilee of our diplomatic relations.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today attended the Centenary Celebration of the Karnataka Linguistic
Furthermore, under the new law, any application challenging the decision will be settled by the court within one year.
In terms of operational efficiency and high value added, any investor is also attracted by the vast domestic market, the availability of
They also agreed to broaden their efforts to further develop existing integration through pre-established systems to build the widest possible platform for
36 industries have been excluded from the scope of environmental clearance requirement.
100 years ago today, the first Satyagraha movement was launched in Champaran in 1917 under the leadership of Mahatma Gandhi.
It showed how historically the people of India and ASEAN have been connected.
The Prime Minister said that our effort is to initiate development work while preserving the environment and local culture.
The Prime Minister said that Postal Service has long been a respected and accepted figure in the villages.
The Prime Minister will also attend an exhibition held at Rajpath Lawn on the occasion.
Every sector of society, every class of people, gave themselves to Mahatma Gandhi's call for freedom struggle.
This is his third Super Series premiere title after Indonesia Open and Australia Open.
The Prime Minister also mentioned the benefits that have been made possible in this state by various schemes such as Jan Dhan Yojana, Mud
Responding to a question on climate change, the Prime Minister reiterated India's timeless values for nature protection and conservation
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister praised the event as an example of Indian traditions.
The Prime Minister said that spiritual institutions in India have been the hubs of spreading social reform.
He said that the effort to change the tourism sector is a continuous effort.
You are right.
The delegation interacted with the Prime Minister on topics such as Women Entrepreneurship and Women Empowerment.
Friends, Yoga has shown the world the path from illness to wellness.
He will address the assembly.
Along with these, the global brotherhood has also been focused on other changes.
This change brought about two significant changes in Indian politics.
The delegation fully supported the Prime Minister's goal of making India a 50 trillion dollar economy in the near future.
In that interview, Field Marshal Manekshaw was recalling the time when he was a colonel.
India exports fish and fish products to about 95 countries.
18. It will be connected to the National Health Defence Mission under Ayushmann Bharat.
In his interaction with them, the Prime Minister informed about the steps taken by the Union Government towards improving connectivity and infrastructure in
In his message, he said that I would like to honour Loknaik Jay Prakash Narayan on his birthday.
The countrymen slept peacefully, so that these brave sons kept them together day and night.
The Prime Minister described the traditional, cultural, trust and friendly relations between India and Israel.
If we practice Asana and Pranaama regularly, we can protect ourselves from many diseases as well as good health.
Even the micro-plastics are now entering our basic foodstuffs like salt, bottled water and tap water.
Dr. Ram Manohar Lohia spoke of mass awareness for our farmers to ensure better incomes, better irrigation facilities
India has been home to many sages who have served and improved society.
My dear countrymen, in the 'Mann Ki Baat', we talk about individuals and institutions who are doing something extraordinary for
The Smarck also has 24 murals depicting various events and stories of the historic 1930s Salt Trip.
He noted with great concern the growing threat of terrorism and violent extremism and its universal reach.
Honey is a gift from nature to humans.
Electricity was delivered to every village in the country.
Regular yoga has a direct impact on medical expenses of any family.
The Prime Minister credited Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath for coming to Noida and ending the superstition associated with the city
The purpose of this recognition is to ensure that doctors of the Central Health Service (CHS) and other Ministries/Depart
He dedicated, inaugurated or laid the foundation stone of various development projects in Raibareli in the name of the nation.
On the energy front, we are now the fifth largest generator of renewable energy in the world.
Maharashtra, one of the largest states in the country, has also come up with an effective plan for this.
The Prime Minister appreciated the close cooperation in areas such as investment, urban development, civil aviation and skill development.
Issues of trade, investment, connectivity, youth and cultural exchange were discussed.
The Prime Minister released the Mission Action Plan Document for Narmada Stream  Narmada River.
There is a huge need for roads, railways and waterways.
The Chief Ministers and senior officials of these states were also present at the meetings.
In this event, we won 3 medals in mixed event besides 13 medals.
A modest tea seller, you will be surprised to learn that education is shining in the lives of over 70 children today.
The Prime Minister said, I am very happy to be present at the closing ceremony of Narmada Saviya Yatra held in
I was reading an old interview with Sam Manekshaw, a great Indian military officer.
You will also know how many administrative and financial steps the government has to take in the construction of highways.
The Prime Minister inaugurated the Ekkritr Power Development Yojana (IPDS) for Old Kashi and the Atal Intub
He said that women now have a great opportunity to earn extra income because of the reduced time spent in the kitchen.
New arrangements are born.
At the 22nd meeting today, the Prime Minister reviewed progress in resolving and resolving complaints related to the banking sector
It ensured that crores of Indians were brought under the umbrella of one nation and one Constitution.
Later, the Prime Minister inaugurated the Patanjali Research Institute in Haridwar district.
But the rain is waiting.
My condolences and prayers are with the people of Tamil Nadu in this hour of grief.
I have always found meeting you very useful.
He said that the Tara Kot route would provide an alternative route to the Mother Vaishno Devi Shrine, which would facilitate pilgr
This shows that international bilateral cooperation is no longer limited to national capitals but extends to the capitals of our states.
New laws have been made, old laws have been tightened.
I would like to congratulate all the athletes who have won medals for the country.
The Prime Minister said that the emphasis is on working at a fast pace on better infrastructure and spiritual connectivity for the entire North East
He called on the people of Pakistan to ask their rulers to fight against corruption and counterfeit notes.
The Prime Minister conveyed his best wishes to Dr. Mohammad for the progress and prosperity of the people of Malaysia.
The International Conference of the Saurashtra Patel Cultural Society is taking place in California, USA this year.
He was committed to eliminating injustice and inequality from society.
So the Swachh Bharat Mission - Searching for Swachh Bharat - is linked to beliefs and spiritua
In two days, we will celebrate the birth anniversary of Shastri along with Bapu.
45. Together, we will build an India where young people and women have ample opportunities to fulfill their dreams.
The poison of casteism, the poison of communism, can never do the country any good.
There were also several national flags hoisted.
In my experience, to achieve better results, we have to rely on people's leadership.
The two sides underlined the importance of enhancing cooperation in the aluminum sector.
This work was continuous, to create in us a feeling of inferiority by belittling our culture.
The Committee also appreciated the steps taken by the Prime Minister to eradicate corruption in the government system through demonetisation and anti
The Prime Minister said that these steps have benefited not only the poor but also the middle class.
Through the commitment of 125 crore countrymen, through the manpower of 125 crore countrymen, through the sacrifice
Over the last three years, everyone has made his own efforts towards water conservation and water management.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has extended his best wishes to the people on World Health Day.
If children in our family are also interested in sports, they should be given an opportunity.
But the reality of the House is that the judges are more troubled than the players.
The Prime Minister said that the work of social service should be a source of pride for all.
We need to make full use of these capabilities.
His courage and his constant opposition to imperialism under unusual circumstances can never be forgotten.
Accepting the congratulations of the Anganwadi workers, the Prime Minister welcomed that they have come from all over
He said that we also need to value living in harmony with nature and we should not think about the short - term benefits.
Every year, an average of Rs. 32,000 crore has been spent on water conservation and water management, apart from the ManR
The Indian community in Portugal has played a vital role in deepening our bilateral relations.
In this context, we have outlined a ten-point agenda for renewing our efforts towards disaster risk reduction, which are
He said that a National Strategy has been drawn up to create a strong backbone for research in Artificial Intelligence a few months ago
The Prime Minister assured him of India's full and constructive cooperation in discharging his new responsibilities.
The Prime Minister said that Ayushmann Bharat Yojana is a completely new, interconnected scheme that will help build a healthy
This month, a 20-year-old daughter from Pune, Vedangi Kulkarni, became the fastest Asian woman to cycle around the
Prime Minister inaugurated Phase 1 of River Front Development in Patna.
Many events are being held across the country to mark the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi.
The exhibition shows more than 100 fine methods and imitations.
Congratulations to all soldiers, veterans and their families on Army Day.
The world today is also facing the dual challenges of terrorism and climate change.
India and Cyprus share the same objective of rapid reform of the UN Security Council.
Diwali will be celebrated with great joy for all of you.
"We are constantly working to simplify processes for small businesses.
If the world is to evolve fully, there will be a mutually supportive relationship between producers and consumers.
We are lending to small enterprises without any bail or guarantee.
This monsoon session of Parliament will always be remembered as a session of social justice and youth welfare.
This is the second bilateral visit of Prime Minister Modi to Germany.
To address this problem, the Swachh Bharat Mission has now included the Swachh Iconic Places Project.
He said that inspired by Mahatma Gandhi, Indians have made Swachh Bharat Mission the largest mass movement in the world
In fact, this event was not only reduced but also an attempt to boost our self - esteem.
To live a healthy life, hygiene is the first requirement.
In many parts of the country, our soldiers and farmers showed their bravery in protesting against injustice.
The Prime Minister mentioned Jan Dhan Yojana and said that access to banking services for the poor is now ensured.
The Prime Minister said that IIT Bhubaneswar will boost the industrial development of Odisha and will work towards improving the standard
These are some of the questions I want to leave to you.
Secretary Carton informed the Prime Minister of progress towards decisions and discussions in June this year.
Immediately after Diwali, our country has witnessed a historic purification.
But when I look at the impact of M. K. Bhatt, I am convinced that M. K. Bhatt
He was appointed as a permanent judge of the Guwahati High Court on February 28, 2001.
This is not only the highest FDI ever but also the highest growth in India's FDI.
Through dialogue, the farmers will have the opportunity to get in touch with the Prime Minister.
Over 16,000 kilometres of gas pipeline have been built and an additional 11,000 kilometres are underway.
He said that the National Highway Network in Uttar Pradesh has almost doubled in four years.
And even on our first meeting, I felt his enthusiasm and affection for India.
The award will be given for exceptional efforts towards further enhancement of national integration.
Inspired by his sacrifice, people shared their hands in service works.
We are also working together on reforms of the UN Security Council.
The whole country was concerned about how to save Tommy.
The family of Shri Gurdwan Singh Ji has set a similar example before us.
I urge all of you to join in this celebration of mutual goodwill.
Aesthetic Wave is a collection of folktales composed by Shankaracharya.
He said that the Union Government has decided that the minimum support price (MSP) for all scheduled crops will be at least one
It is natural for everyone to be proud of this great tradition of India.
To create world class universities in the field of education, we have taken a big step to break the bonds.
Over the last two and a half years, over Rs 1.25 lakh crore of black money has been brought to the open.
The two leaders expressed confidence that a strong partnership between India and the United States will continue to be a key factor in global peace and prosper
He stressed that the poor should also benefit from quality and affordable healthcare.
Last November, India hosted the first South Asian Annual Disaster Management Exercise.
In dialogue with the Prime Minister, the beneficiaries of Jan Aushadhi Project expressed their satisfaction at the quality of medicines being received
Five companies of BSF, CISF, RAF have been deployed for relief and rescue work in the state.
The gem and jewellery sector is therefore the greatest example of the potential of Make in India and Skilled India.
In India, if we compare the effects of cyclones in 1999 and 2013, the effects will be clear.
He firmly believed that peaceful, stable and balanced relations between India and China would prove to be a positive factor in the current global
They want political stability and an auxiliary regulatory system to ensure the protection of their investments.
The Indian Delegation, headed by Shri Suresh Prabhu, Minister of Commerce Industry and Civil Aviation, participated in
Both leaders will also give their voices to the media.
He changed not only his own fortunes but also those of his region through organized efforts.
This is in addition to the sum of Rs 100 crore announced by the Home Minister on 12 August 2018.
There are other challenges ahead.
The Prime Minister said that the Constitution has been a guardian for us.
The Government is also emphasizing how more foreign capital can come to India.
Dear countrymen, February 1, 2017 marks 40 years of the Indian Coast Guard.
Guru Nanak Dev Ji, the first Guru of Sikhs is not only a Guru but he is also a Guru of the world.
The Prime Minister said, "We are very proud of our youth.
All these great men travelled extensively in India.
We have just introduced the law in a formal manner.
Similarly, the death of Sullagitti Narasimha of Karnataka was announced on 25th December.
Kochi was selected as Smart City in January 2016 under the first round of the challenge process.
At the same time, India is a major milk producer.
BHIM-AADHAR App has become a marvel for digital transactions in the world.
Together, the two countries are contributing to creating a more interconnected and vast world than ever before.
Brazil is one of our most important economic partners in Latin America.
He said the Government is giving great importance to innovation and research.
Start-ups have been exempted from income tax payments for 3 years.
Now, even with regard to digital transactions, there is a significant positive change in society.
He appreciated the security equipment being used in the security of the country.
In terms of number of domestic and international tourists arriving in Kerala, Kochi is in first place.
4. Rules for the exchange of medicines, medical devices and information
DD Arun Prabha will be the 24th channel operated by Doordarshan.
The whole atmosphere is filled with holy fragrance.
He was a source of inspiration for activists like me.
There is no shortage of talent in the country.
Under PMGSY, 88 per cent of residential areas are now connected to rural roads.
He urged the States to give fresh ideas to the VIT Commission to encourage results based allocations and expenditure reform.
This railway line will prove to be the gateway to Tripura for South and South East Asia.
He said that Gurudev Ravindra Nath Tagore is as much of Bangladesh as he is of India.
The Prime Minister has been in constant contact with the Chief Minister regarding the situation arising from the floods.
I congratulate Bilal Dar very much.
The Prime Minister also congratulated the children on the occasion of Vishwakarma Jayanti and said it is important to learn different
Yoga can prove to be a strong foundation for discipline and development.
We wish for peace and prosperity for all.
I express my special thanks to the administration, the government and the people of these five states for completing this task.
Congratulations to ISRO for the successful launch of India's heaviest, largest and most advanced communications satellite - GSAT
The Prime Minister said that this bridge will bring about a positive change in the lives of ordinary people.
It is estimated that there are 1 to 1.5 lakh knee transplants every year in India.
He said that Vietnam is an important pillar of India's Act East Policy.
The Japanese have led the world in sustainable development.
We have abolished the FDI Promotion Board.
During Diwali, sales of Khadi gift coupons have increased by almost 680 per cent.
Unusual is that Swati and Nidhi were martyred by their husbands while serving Mother India.
Best wishes for today's match.
In this regard, the Central Government is also running the Sagarmala programme.
The Food Safety and Standards Authority of India is working to ensure that processed food produced in India complies with international standards.
Our festivals also teach us about social values.
Friends, this is the first conference of its kind in this part of the world.
Thirty three cities of Tamil Nadu have also been included in AMRUT Mission.
Dr. Abdul Kalam has been working to realize the dream of a developed India for his entire life.
He said that all villages along the banks of the Ganga have been exempted from open sanitation.
My best wishes to the people of the country on this holy festival of Ramanawami.
I hope that they will continue to do exemplary work to prevent plastic pollution.
The Prime Minister said that the creation of Adi Shankaracharya could connect the ordinary human with the beauty wave.
9. Ambitious goals including key health indicators and motivating other actions.
The award is given by the Food and Agriculture Organisation (FAO) affiliated to the United Nations.
At the World Para Athletics Grand Prix 2018 in Tunisia, Ekta won Gold and Bronze medals.
He has also pledged to get his only son to join CRPF.
Solar energy is gaining popularity in India today.
In addition, we have uncontrolled the prices of petrol and diesel.
And so the greatest remedy for recalling memory is relaxation.
The Prime Minister recalled his visit to Cellulor Prison and the spot where Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose had thro
Shri Modi said that drugs are being available at Jansushdh Centre at 50 to 90 per cent lower prices than market rates.
My dear countrymen, I will come back to you next month for the next Man Ki Baat.
The sages have been revered for centuries since the time of the Upanishads.
He said that the Centre of Agricultural Sciences will also play an important role in this direction.
BHIM is India Interface for Money.
The project is also an example of environmentally friendly development.
He said that the deep and mutually beneficial relationship between India and Malaysia is based on shared values, interests and strong vibrant contacts
Today India is the fastest growing major economy in the world.
In a way, the whole of India was blessed by him.
India is one of the most investor - friendly economies in the world.
You must have heard a lot about Kumbh.
7. availability of medical devices and medicinal products
The Prime Minister said that if India is to make its place in global trade, it must make the best arrangements in the port sector.
The Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the MoU between India and Finland for Environmental Contribution.
There is no shortage of talented lawyers and judges in India.
Members of the Club of Chef's of Heads of State from around the world, the Club de Chef de Chef (CCC
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi today inaugurated the modern super specialty Rasilaben Sewanthilaal Shah Venus As
The month - long campaign will cover the distance from Haridwar to Patna by River Rafting.
Now, some other important decisions have been taken in the interest of the farmer brothers.
Referring to the provision of 10 per cent reservation to the poor of the middle class, the Prime Minister said that this is a step
Everyone says that, but do we have any responsibility?
He said that under Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana, a comprehensive campaign is underway to provide a permanent home to the
He welcomed the celebration of the year 2017 as the Year of India-UK Cooperation.
He also issued a commemorative postage stamp on the occasion.
He gave examples of various ways with a reply of Hazir Jawab.
Don 't miss this opportunity, my friends.
He encouraged the young men to do new things so that their routine tasks and duties could be easier and safer.
He said that this would eliminate intermediaries and save the government.
These diseases are now known as lifestyle disorder.
Under this, various programmes on rural development, poor welfare and social justice will be implemented across India.
Today, hundreds of poor patients are benefitting from this camp every month.
Former President of India, Shri Abdul Kalam Ji, when speaking to young people, always spoke of Nanaji Deshmukh
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi on Wednesday met and interacted with a group of 80 Additional Secretaries and Joint Secretaries working
Sister Nivedita and scientist Jagdish Chandra Basu are strong examples of this.
During a public meeting, he flagged the 900th coach and a Humsafar Rak.
Every assistance is being provided to the State Government to deal with this crisis.
I pray for the speedy recovery of those injured in Mandi district of Himachal Pradesh.
In India, we are increasing connectivity among all women.
Through Jan Dhan Yojana, Social Security Schemes, MUDRA and Stand Up India, we have given the wing to millions of
From here, a panoramic view of Sardar Sarovar Dam, its reservoir and Satpura and Vindiya mountain rang
The Prime Minister will also inaugurate the Homi Bhabha Cancer Hospital, Lahartara.
The Prime Minister will address a public gathering at Dharamshala in Kangra district.
Its state-of-the-art facilities will meet the healthcare needs of the region.
The Prime Minister said that about 12 crore farmers are likely to benefit from the PM-Kisan scheme.
This can only happen when long term investments in business are made which create employment opportunities and sustainable economic growth.
Training for employment and self-employment is being conducted with a view to fulfilling the aspirations of young people for a better life
What goals can the gem and jewellery industry set for itself by this date?
Brothers and sisters, our country today is full of reserves of pineapple.
President Xi and I will exchange views on many issues of bilateral and global importance.
The Prime Minister said that a quarter of the world's 500 largest companies are in the public sector of a country.
I was once again fortunate to celebrate Diwali with our Javanese security forces stationed at the border.
I am excited to lead the Indian delegation to attend our first ever meeting of the Council as a full member.
Recalling Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose, the Prime Minister said that at Netaji's call, many young people
He reiterated India's commitment to a strong and strengthened bilateral policy partnership with the United States.
I see immense potential for investors that has not been exploited so far.
We have focused on removing the obstacles that were preventing us from reaching our full potential.
I want to see a library movement like this across the country.
He expressed his happiness that the States are now hosting investor conferences.
The new Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code will make it easier for investors to exit their business.
To leave the house for the first time, to leave the village, to leave a protective environment, you have to become your own sar
There has always been room for every positive change in our country.
The Prime Minister congratulated the crew members on the success of the mission.
I begin my speech by congratulating NITI Aayog for hosting this global conference.
When works like the Encyclopedia of Hinduism are made available in different languages, our understanding and awareness of other traditions and cultures of
The Prime Minister said that today, farmers buy retail but sell in bulk.
Arbitration proceedings will now be speeded up as the Arbitration Act has been amended.
I will be going to Haifa today to pay tribute to my brave soldiers.
The Prime Minister's activities on the occasion of Gandhi Jayanti, 02 October, 2018 will focus on events related to cleanliness and
He appealed to all those present to work towards 100 per cent sanitation coverage by the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma
The total sales of khadi and handicrafts have also seen an increase of almost 90 per cent this year from last year.
He said the huge decline in piracy in the Indian Ocean is largely due to the strength of the Indian military and our international partners
Cyprus is the eighth largest investor in India.
Through the opening of these two cancer hospitals, Varanasi will become an important centre for better treatment of cancer-related diseases.
In today's fast - paced life, yoga brings peace to the person by combining mind, body and spirit.
He was an effective voice of Karnataka's aspirations in Delhi.
197 million bank accounts were opened in one year.
In this way, he brought our beloved triangle closer to the common man.
He said we must move towards transparent and resilient markets for both oil and gas.
"We have taken a major step to ensure that education facilities are provided in higher educational, technical and professional institutions, besides providing reser
Although India did not win the title, the young players of India won the hearts of all.
This has liberated rural women from the tragedy of toxic smoke.
And I hope that Tamil Nadu will not lag behind any other state in this race, and will continue to push forward and move forward.
Shri Modi will unveil the plaque at Vrindavan Chandrodhya Temple as a symbol of service for 3 billionth
The name of the selected bank will be released as a co-brand on the Kochi Metro Rental Card and App.
The Russian side offered expertise in tax collection with the help of satellite based technologies taking into account joint projects in India, including the outline
The Prime Minister said in his message, "I am saddened by the deaths and destruction caused by the tsunami after the volcano
He recalled India's commitment to generate 175 GWh of energy from renewable sources by 2022.
The Prime Minister will address the centenary of Patna University.
Empowerment and respect of women were emphasized.
The Prime Minister appreciated the efforts of the State Government, all other agencies to deal with the flood situation so far.
Special notified zone in India Diamond Bursa has started from November, 2015.
The Prime Minister said that a number of schemes have been implemented to provide social security to unorganized sector workers during old age such
He said that better connectivity in the Northeast would also connect the region to the economy of Southeast Asia.
The alliance of Made in India and Made by Japan has already started working brilliantly.
The leaders discussed regional and global issues.
But if something outside of what you touched, something outside of what you asked, something outside of what you asked, you'll be
The Prime Minister called for accelerating the work related to redevelopment of railway stations and creative work in the field of non-
The Prime Minister will pray in front of the Statue of Unity.
These mighty heroes, we have sacrificed ourselves to protect the 125 crore Indians.
This month of October is a month to remember so many of our great men.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the signing of the Memorandum of Understanding (
No civilized society can tolerate any kind of injustice against the female power of the country.
My condolences are with the families of the deceased.
The Government has set a target to expand piped natural gas to one crore households in the next five years.
Leading the campaign, the Prime Minister has shared a special video on social media, appealing to the people to send a message to our
Single Window Assistance Provides Support to Foreign Investors.
These include:
With the inauguration of the Statue of Unity, India has given itself great inspiration for the future.
He urged children to study hard and develop an interest in sports.
During the talks, the Prime Minister highlighted the immense potential for cooperation in the field of energy security and food security between the two
We have done a good job in the field of wildlife conservation.
You can enjoy your stay in the spiritual city of Rishikesh and the divine environment of Paramartha Niketan.
We are a young nation.
Under the Integrated Horticulture Development Campaign, farmers will be provided with assistance to replant the horticultural crops
Some people have taken advantage of the money from the Government of India for water conservation and water management in Manrega.
In terms of FDI, we are now among the most open countries.
The Prime Minister said that schemes like Mudra Yojana, Jan Dhan Yojana and Stand Up India are helping to improve financial incl
Once the project is started, Customs Administration of both countries will commit to further it.
This figure also shows the enthusiasm, enthusiasm and tendency of the youth of Tamil Nadu towards self-emplo
Addressing the occasion, the Prime Minister congratulated the public assembly for celebrating Dhanvantari Jayanti as Ay
7. Any other area of cooperation based on mutual decision.
Shape our partnership and reconciliation in a way that ultimately contributes to the progress of all Indians and all people of
Several important bills were passed during this session to benefit the youth and backward communities.
Apart from farming, he can also earn money by selling electricity from solar farming.
He appealed to the MVA community to inspire at least five foreign families to visit India every year.
It was the same Veer Savarkar who wrote fearlessly that what happened in 1857 was not an uprising but the first
Insurance companies are advised to deal with the claims of victims of Ochi Hurricane as soon as possible.
He described the Constitution as the soul of our democratic framework.
We will facilitate the speedy launch of negotiations on the Free Trade Agreement between the Eurasian Economic Union and the Republic of India.
She was a woman who could live a comfortable life but she was dedicated to serving the poor.
I am particularly pleased to welcome His Excellency the Prime Minister of Portugal, the Vice President of Suriname, the Hono
My best wishes to all of you.
He said, "I will be in Jakarta on 29th May at the invitation of President of Indonesia Joko Widodo.
Under the skilled leadership of President Hassan Rouhani, Iran will continue to reach new heights of achievement.
The other three terminals are under construction in Sahibganj, Haldia and Gazipur.
These achievements have been achieved before some major recent reforms.
Oil Ministers of developing countries know the sensitivity of energy pricing.
Numerous conferences and seminars have been held on various topics.
He expressed hope that the medal winners will not lose their fame and accolades and will focus on excellence.
He told the officials that it is important to develop close relationships with people to be successful in tasks and objectives.
In August 2016, a strict rule was introduced to curb anonymous transactions.
President Temer's visit will open the way to cooperation in new areas with Brazil, an important strategic partner.
More than Rs 800 crore of unnamed assets have been seized by the government.
My best wishes to the entire team and support staff from my side, from the people of the country.
The Prime Minister further said that sufficient capital, courage and people are essential for the success of startups.
He praised the people of the state for declaring Jammu and Kashmir free from open defecation in September 2018.
I will attend events held in Ahmedabad, Rajkot, Modasa and Gandhinagar.
My personal contact with the leaders, government, industry and people of Japan is now almost a decade old.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi inaugurated Kochi Metro today and travelled briefly on the new metro line.
Earlier, Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said that the India-Japan partnership is special, strategic and global.
These days I get news from the states.
We have taken several decisive steps and have developed a governance system that will help India realize its potential.
It is a great honour to be the first Indian Prime Minister to visit this beautiful region of Sri Lanka.
Russia has provided its support for India's membership in the Nuclear Suppliers Group.
The Prime Minister welcomed the leaders of the BRICS and BIMSTEC family ahead of the summit.
A postage stamp on Ramayana was issued by him on the occasion.
The Prime Minister and the members of the delegation exchanged views on bilateral partnership and other issues of mutual interest.
My dear countrymen, after the Diwali holidays, with new resolve, with new determination, you will all
The Prime Minister laid the foundation stone of pipeline and road projects.
I myself will be a candidate in this election.
The Prime Minister met with Chief Minister Shri Pinarayi Vijayan and State Government officials to review the situation arising from the flo
The MoU aims to promote innovation, creativity and economic development in both countries.
The interest rate on these will also be lower as the cost of the guarantee is borne by the Central Government.
The Prime Minister invited Kazakhstan to become a member of the International Energy Group.
India is now one of the most preferred countries for investment in this sector.
Jan Dhan Yojana has connected crores of people to the backing work system.
The Prime Minister said that India believes that the world is one family and with this spirit it is fulfilling its global responsibilities.
This concrete step will help greatly in building a New India.
The Government has also asked banks to increase the cash credit limit for small industries from 20 to 25 per cent.
The Prime Minister will also interact with various stakeholders related to the Mission.
When I was the Chief Minister of Gujarat, I started a similar movement called Vance Gujarat with this spirit.
This money will be used to strengthen the facilities like electricity, water, sewerage, sanitation and garden in these 33 cities.
The Prime Minister emphasized the shared values between India and Japan.
Let's move forward with positivity.
Today, August 11 is associated with a historic date.
He said that these good deeds require close coordination and sustained monitoring.
My Government is prioritizing railways to increase energy efficiency.
His singing will continue to attract people to Sufi music.
• The country will not achieve anything by standing with those who have plundered the country.
Lokmanya Tilak was full of courage and confidence.
The main features of this tunnel are as follows:
I urge all of you to take an active part in this campaign.
Ms. Espinoza shared her priorities for the upcoming session of the UN General Assembly.
As we have shown, we are still counted among the fastest growing economies in the world.
The Prime Minister will address the crowd present on the occasion.
The Prime Minister said that defence relations are an important pillar between India and Japan.
Kerala was also the first state to achieve 100% primary education.
Prime Minister Modi reiterated the importance of solidarity in the European Union and underlined its importance as a force for stability in
On this eve of the Republic Day, I congratulate the heroes and their families with the various heroic awards.
He also said that the delayed burning of fuel during crossing the state boundaries would save fuel and benefit the environment.
On laying the foundation stone of Pakaldule Project, the Prime Minister said that today is a unique day when one hydropo
64. The two sides underlined that the participation of the Prime Minister of India, Shri Narendra Modi, at the SCO National
Look at how many times I've used the best, most brilliant words of all time in the last few minutes.
This was the ninth in a series of dialogues of the Prime Minister with the beneficiaries of various Government schemes through video program.
He praised Prime Minister Abe for launching the project in such a short time.
Recently, 16-year-old Shivangi Pathak became the youngest Indian woman to climb Everest for Nepal.
Most complaints relate to poor service quality, connectivity and service obstruction of landline connections.
The 16-year-old young player Tababi Devi is from a village in Manipur.
I congratulate all the athletes who are coming back with medals.
Skill India aims to ensure that newcomers in the labour force have the necessary skills to contribute to the economy of the 21st century
The Prime Minister said that this honour is an honour of the people of India.
I look forward to meeting with the politicians and friends of Nepal.
The Prime Minister discussed the work being done towards modernization of transport infrastructure.
However, I am satisfied that this is the second meeting between India and Portugal in six months.
